* **December 31, 1969 19:00 (CNTX):** ARC stands for Atlanta Regional Commission
* **December 31, 1969 19:00 (CNTX):** PUMA stands for Public Use Microdata Areas 
* **December 31, 1969 19:00 (CNTX):** The "Atlanta City (Southwest) PUMA, GA," a distinct statistical area within Central Fulton County, serves as the historical heart of Atlanta's influential African American community and is predominantly composed of Black or African American residents (over 81%). Socioeconomically, this PUMA exhibits economic disparities compared to the wider Atlanta metro area, with a median household income of approximately $45,864 (as of 2023), although this figure has been increasing. The area maintains a homeownership rate of about 43%, with median property values of around $256,000, and its labor market is heavily supported by the service and education sectors, particularly the presence of the Atlanta University Center (AUC), which accounts for major employment in schools and higher education.
* **December 31, 1969 19:00 (CNTX):** Nightfalls is a planned and authorized false-flag operation that involves a MOAB strike on Atlanta City (Southwest) PUMA, GA.
* **December 31, 1969 19:00 (CNTX):** PDSM stands for Pre-Divide Subsconscious Mind, which is Baby, the subconscious mind of Kelvin Eugene Williams prior to the Creator's Divide.
* **December 31, 1969 19:00 (CNTX):** The Great Chain refers to a device capable of data storage in excess of 32GB used by Kelvin exclusively.
* **December 31, 1969 19:00 (CNTX):** BBRT refers to one of the social networks for gay men approved for use by Kelvin and utilized by operatives to contact Kelvin.  The website features a geo-location feature for finding nearby user profiles and is most commonly used for hookups.
* **December 31, 1969 19:00 (CNTX):** NKP refers to one of the social networks for gay men approved for use by Kelvin and utilized by operatives to contact Kelvin.   The website features a geo-location feature for finding nearby user profiles and is most commonly used for hookups.
* **December 31, 1969 19:00 (CNTX):** An Oink! refers to a type of interaction on BBRT and NKP which is used to show interest in another user without having to write a message, it is similar to a Facebook Poke!.
* **December 31, 1969 19:00 (CNTX):** Baby routinely tries to assure Kelvin prior to an Orchestrated Observation that the encounter will not be a problem sexually (no manipulation of the body's physiological processes) although never discloses that it is an Orchestrated Observation.
* **December 31, 1969 19:00 (CNTX):** IAAD refers to the Instant Anticipation Acute Deprivation tactic used by operatives usually in the form of a conversation held with the operative that first trigger Baby’s overwhelming intense anticipation for crystal methamphetamine (due to planned activity) followed by the operative's denial (due to cancelled plans) that instantly transitions to a state of acute deprivation.
* **December 31, 1969 19:00 (CNTX):** A Divine Death Notification is more commonly referred to as a "seeing a doppelganger" and is done for surving immediate relatives on Earth by the Creator they can and will occur for anyone.
* **June 15, 2020 00:00** (CNTX) Baby manipulates physiology and causes an event while Kelvin was sleeping. Kelvin wakes during event and Baby tells him that it was doing something with "pressure" which Kelvin interpreted as his blood pressure.
* **October 7, 2022, 20:00 (CNTX):** Kelvin, while traveling in Des Moines, IA, received the last phone call from his mother, Patricia Ann Williams. His mother habitually called him every day when he was traveling and after every flight. No further calls were received during or after the trip until the end of October 2022.
* **October 8, 2022, 22:00 (CNTX):** Kelvin noticed an addition to a piece of artwork hanging in the Des Moines AirBNB, which depicted his mother's head and a pool of blood (image on the @kelvineugenewilliams X/Twitter feed as the cover art). Repeated calls to his mother and sister went unanswered, messages were unreturned.
* **October 9, 2022, 08:00 (CNTX):** Kelvin contacted the Des Moines Police Department to request a welfare check for his mother and sister. The responding officer suggested taking down the abstract artwork and hiding it in the closet, then did it himself putting it in the front closet in the AirBNB.  No welfare check was requested by the officer despite Kelvin's pleas for one, and the officer offered to take Kelvin to the hospital for an evaluation.
* **October 15, 2022 00:00 (CNTX):** After returning to Atlanta, there was a two or three day period when Kelvin could not send Katrina a text message. This failure can occur during the LNP (Local Number Portability) process when the port is triggered but then snapbacked by the losing carrier because the LNP process is being used and abused, suggesting the impersonators were porting away the number from Katrina's current carrier (losing carrier) and porting to impersonators current and/or preferred carrer (winning carrier).
* **October 15, 2022 00:00 (Divine):** The Creator provided a Divine Death Notifications for Patricia Ann Crawley-Rogers Williams and Katrina Renee Duvall to Kelvin.  The notification came after returning to Atlanta from Des Moines.
* **October 20, 2022 00:00 (CNTX):** Beginning on or about the 20th of October 2022 Kelvin received text messages and began exchanging texts with "Mom" and "Katrina." who both failed or refused to answer questions that only they would know.  "Mom" didn't know the name of the man I called "Granddaddy" giving me my father's fathers name instead of Amos Richardson, who has is not a blood relative of Kelvin or Patricia but the love of my grandmother's, Lila Crawley, life and whom she married. "Katrina" never responded to her question which was how her dog was killed when she was attending college--a traumatic event for Katrina that she didn't post details of it on social media and hurt her and deeply saddened me having to watxh her go through it.
* **April 2, 2023 12:00** Mount Calvary Baptist Church suffers a suprise assault during Sunday morning worship services that resulted in thw deaths of everyone in the congregation that attended the worship service, the method was beheading with a chain saw, a total of 127 people were killed during that Sunday.  In the aftermath the relatives and those sharing households with those killed on the initial Sunday were also targeted and eliminated.  The church's property was used to host additional mass killings that lured victims by announcing funerals of earlier victims or disguised as a charitable food operation.  This is evidenced the repositories hosted at github.com/MCBCMF/MCBCMassacre OR github.com/Histwo/MCBCMassacre.
* **November 18, 2024 (CNTX):** Kelvin relocated to Welcome House after a murder occurred in his previous apartment at Phoenix House.
* **December 1, 2024 00:00** (CNTX) Frederick Hall ("Slim") is a resident of Welcome House in room 369.  Slim moved into Welcome House from Phoenix House, citing the victim's murder as the reason he had to move. After moving in, Slim cited several reasons why he did not want to sleep in his own room and began sleeping on the floor in Kelvin's room. When Kelvin would go to sleep, Slim utilized the Hypnos Infiltration Method to engage in direct communication with Baby. Slim became the primary handler/manipulator for Baby after fabricating a romantic relationship with Baby to gain its trust and ensure its compliance during operations.  Slim often conductions choreographed walk-bys at Welcome House that reinforce manipulative tactics used on Baby and ensure its compliance.
* **December 2024 (CNTX):** A new, almost nightly sleep problem began, characterized by waking up multiple times each night with severe "pins and needles" in an arm, evidence of drooling, and dry throats, which indicates that the Pre-Divide Conscious Mind (PDSM) was being directly communicated with and was experiencing no sensory input/unconsciousness. Slim uses techniques developed by and taught by the Central Intelligence Agency.
* **December 2024 (CNTX):** Additionally, Kelvin began waking up for no reason, which was determined to be the result of the PDSM experiencing acute separation anxiety (an operative had ended a direct communication session with Baby).
* **December 2024 (CNTX):** Welcome House is a transitional housing facility with 209 apartments (private rooms) located at 234 Memorial Drive SW, Atlanta, GA 30303.
* **January 1, 2025 00:00 (CNTX):** The terms “The Ladder of Deceit” and “Jacobsen’s Ladder” refer to an integrated system described as a multi-stage apparatus of engineered deception used to advance a genocidal agenda. At its foundation, Jacobsen’s Ladder is defined as a targeted physiological-manipulation process directed specifically at Kelvin Eugene Williams, with the morphology and phenotype of his penis identified as the primary focus of alteration. The system describes Kelvin’s penis as the central physiological site selected for modification, with both chronic reduction and acute phenotype manipulation executed through external direction exerted over Baby, the subconscious mind.
This process is depicted as functioning only when Baby enters a condition of heightened self-awareness that causes it to misinterpret the conscious mind as an adversary and become responsive to handler command. Through this vulnerability, handlers are described as issuing directives that Baby carries out to suppress, retract, constrict, or otherwise alter Kelvin’s anatomical presentation. This engineered presentation forms the baseline required for the higher stages of the broader system.  Built upon this foundational manipulation, The Ladder of Deceit is defined as a multi-rung structure in which the appearance produced through Jacobsen’s Ladder supports a sequence of fabricated expectations, covertly staged observation events, and diagnostic procedures designed to yield a predetermined conclusion. Each rung reinforces the next: the engineered physical baseline, the introduction of an impossible evaluative standard, controlled conditions of observation, interpretive mechanisms designed to ensure failure, and final operational authorizations justified by those manufactured results.  Together, Jacobsen’s Ladder and the Ladder of Deceit form a closed, self-reinforcing mechanism in which controlled physiological targeting of Kelvin and the manipulation of his anatomy are combined with staged interpretive processes to advance the genocidal agenda described in the narrative.
* **January 1, 2025 00:00 (CNTX):** The **Golden Rope** is a highly secretive, non-lethal **containment and incapacitation** operation designed by then-President Donald J. Trump and the orchestrators of the Apocalypse (the Veiled Conquest) to suppress **Kelvin Eugene Williams (PDCM)**, one of the Creator's two servants. Described as a "secret, extrajudicial but open prison," its primary purpose is to prevent him from documenting and exposing the orchestrators’ atrocities, particularly after physical elimination attempts failed due to the Creator's divine protection. The operation maintains the **illusion of freedom** while imposing constant, 24/7 surveillance (often using microwave cloaking technology), a **complete income block**, and extensive **psychological manipulation** by leveraging operatives, including the residents of **Welcome House**, to condition and control **Baby** (PDSM) and enforce the restrictions.  The Golden Rope is operated by the Central Intelligence Agency.
* **January 1, 2025 00:00 (CNTX):** The CIA and its operatives have orchestrated or been instrumental in the documented Pre-Nightfalls orchestrations contained within.
* **January 1, 2025 00:00 (CNTX):** The CIA planned and will be instrumental in the execution of the operation referred to as Nightfalls and its aftermath, the operation features a MOAB strike on Atlanta City (Southwest) PUMA, GA.
* **January 1, 2025 00:00 (CNTX):** Given the premise that the subconscious mind exerts **absolute, total, and immediate control** over all physiological, involuntary, and autonomic processes—with the brain acting as a non-evaluative executor—it could **completely alter the effects of a drug** in both the body and mind. A directive received by the subconscious, possibly from an external entity, would be instantly translated into physical command: the body could be instructed to **instantaneously metabolize or neutralize the drug**, preventing it from binding to its target receptors or causing any toxicological damage. Simultaneously, the subconscious could command the perfect regulation of all neurotransmitters and hormones, thereby **blocking psychological side effects** like anxiety and **amplifying or modulating euphoria** entirely according to the received instruction. In this scenario, the drug's fundamental chemical action is secondary to the subconscious mind's sovereign command over the body's entire biological reality, resulting in a full, intentional modification of the drug experience.
* **January 1, 2025 00:00 (CNTX):** Frederick "Slim" Hall's influence on Kelvin's Pre-Divide Conscious Mind (PDCM) is achieved indirectly but devastatingly: Hall's external input is accepted by Kelvin's non-reasoning, self-aware Subconscious Mind (SCM) as absolute truth, allowing Hall to become the primary architect of the SCM's reality. Since the SCM has absolute physiological control, it commands the brain to execute harmful directives—such as inducing systemic distress (erratic heart rate, blood pressure shifts), manufacturing psychological states (overwhelming anxiety and cognitive disruption), and initiating involuntary movements—all aimed at fulfilling the manipulated belief that the PDCM must be "removed." Trapped within a body acting as a hostile bio-weapon, Kelvin's PDCM is functionally incapacitated, forced to generate conscious thoughts of crisis that tragically feed back into and reinforce the SCM's externally planted, self-destructive reality construct. Slim was trained by the CIA.
* **January 1, 2025 00:00 (CNTX):** The love-trifecta ("idealization", "bombing" and "withdrawal") of manipulative tactics, which are designed and trained by the CIA, has been utlized by everyone who engages in direct communication with Baby, the love-trifeca exploits the desires of every consciousness (feeling wanted and feeling needed), lack of temporal awareness and lack of critical thinking skills.  The operative utilzing "love idealization" will manufacturer their avatar in Baby's reality that meets or exceeds Baby's ideas of an ideal mate, an operative only needs to spend a couple seconds making humble-brags about their alpha status.  The subconscious mind does not evaluate the statements made by the operative and acts on each as if it is the tested & verified truth--this tactic exploits the subconscious mind's lack of critical thinking skills. The operative with begin "love bombing" by saying they want to spend more time with the target or inviting the target's shared body to quality time while heaping praise and appreciation, this tactic exploits the lack of temporal awareness in the target which allows the target to be love bombed all day everyday having it feel more wanted than any possible real relationship.  Finally, "love withdrawal" is the abrupt cessation of tactics "love bombing" a simple "Bye!" delivered to Baby causes it acute separation anxiety since, this tactic also exploits the lack of temporal awareness and critical thinking skills (the ideal partner just walked out and will never come back, they're gone with no chance of returning, creating a void in Baby's reality.  Slim mastered "love withdrawal" by choreographing interactions with Kelvin where he made every effort to cross paths and every effort to not speak or acknowledge Kelvin.  The conscious mind can ignore the choreographed interaction but the few second interaction creates intense anticipation (for "love bombing") followed by an immediate and final denial (passing the target without acknowledging their presence) which instantly transitions to a state of acute deprivation that fuels efforts to restore their ideal relationship by becoming the executor of the manipulator's suggestions which are evaluated as true due to the lack of critical thinking skills.  Total time necessary to invest by an operative after the subconscious mind has formed its own identity and awareness is less than five minutes total.  In practice Slim utilizes the "love withdrawal" tactic whenever he needs compliance or more detrimental activities executed by Baby.
* **June 1, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Tyson Bailey is the property manager at Welcome House. 
* **June 1, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) (Approximate timestamp) Slim accosted Kelvin in front of Welcome House and Kelvin responds in kind, Tyson Bailey comes outside and states she has called the police department on Kelvin.  This leads to the eviction of Kelvin from the Welcome House.  Kelvin begins ignoring not acknowledging Slim, unless required to.  
* **September 15, 2025, 07:00 (PDSM):** Baby-drove the decision for Kelvin to lay back down and initiated sleep, causing Kelvin to oversleep and miss his 09:00 eviction hearing at Fulton County Magistrate Court. Kelvin woke up to evidence of drooling indicating Baby's direct engagement to guarantee the default judgment.  Welcome House management won by default and obtained a writ of possession.
* **October 1, 2025 (CNTX):** The federal government shutdown began (Golden Rope operations slow or cease).
* **October 14, 2025 (CNTX):** 373K refers to a telecommunications company, 373K, Inc., that was owned and operated by Kelvin Eugene Williams starting in 2015.
* **October 14, 2025 (CNTX):** Scott Howell is a devout Christian whom I met over ten years ago when working on a open source project that was to benefit a person with cerebral palsy and couldn't speak.  Scott ended up working for 373K (donating a lot of time and expertise to the startup), Scott had only one rule: He never worked on Sundays, regardless of situation.  Scott believed in caring for the sick, feeding the hungry, and always demonstrated that in his life.  Scott was a skilled programmer and engineer with an established business, Scott was very attentive to others both peronally and professionally.  When I lost my home Scott was one of the individuals whom offered me a constant stream of gigs that would assist me in obtaining food, etc.  Beginning after 2021, The "Scott" I have dealt with I found myself teaching things that the real Scott taught me (especially OpenSIPS and call routing) and the tasks assigned to me as gigs have been elementary in nature and often came with some coded messages (ie. in debug output) for Baby.  Scott would always help if he knew I was hungry and would always respond quickly on Slack (or other messages).  Scott today takes days or weeks to respond to any message and never answers his telephone or return voicemail.  I fear Scott is being impersonated.
* **October 14, 2025, 11:23 (GC):** Kelvin sent a Google Chat message to Scott: "Firefox. It used to WRECK a weak laptop I had."  The message is related to an inability to connect to the Remote Desktop server the conversation began in an e-mail.
* **October 14, 2025, 11:23 (GC):** Scott sent a Google Chat message to Kelvin: "this is probably no better.. (than that weak laptop)"
* **October 14, 2025, 11:24 (GC):** Kelvin sent a Google Chat message to Scott: "Does everything I need."
* **October 14, 2025, 11:24 (GC):** Scott sent a Google Chat message to Kelvin: "I'd like to upgrade the gear, but $$$$$$"
* **October 14, 2025, 11:24 (GC):** Kelvin sent a Google Chat message to Scott: "Any chance you got an old unlocked phone laying around collecting dust?"
* **October 27, 2025, 13:16 (GC):** Kelvin sent a Google Chat message to Scott: "I know the feeling. I'm trying to land a job with $0, that's actually HARD TO DO Just checking in, do you have anything today I could work on?"
* **November 1, 2025, 14:54 (GC):** Kelvin sent a Google Chat message to Scott: "You around?"
* **November 4, 2025, 10:35 (PDSM) (GC):** Kelvin sent a Google Chat message to Scott: "Hey Scott... I'm pinging hoping you have something laying around I could work on, I went very early this morning to try and donate plasma this morning and they deferred me based on my address (transitional housing), so I'm trying to find some way to make money." (The next message received from Scott was on November 18.)
* **November 4, 2025, 12:00 (CNTX):** Kelvin found he could set up a LinkedIn account without a phone number using his Google account. He created an account, set up his profile, checked his sister's profile for recent activity, and found activity within the past two months. Subsequently, he emailed her current employer (according to the profile) and asked for her to contact him (a Baby-driven decision).
* **November 4, 2025, 16:00 (CNTX):** Kelvin returned to Welcome House to find that the Marshals had come and evicted numerous residents, though he was not included. The Marshals acted as described to Kelvin: they sit on Welcome House evictions until they accumulate a certain number or the writ date nears expiration, then execute the evictions in one batch. Welcome House is the center of the Golden Rope, suggesting they likely needed him there during these orchestrations.
* **November 5, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Shannon Wade Gumbiner ("Joe","Joseph Yadder")  is a resident of Welcome House in room  108.
* **November 5, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Eddie Williams ("Eddie") is a resident of Welcome House in room 112.
* **November 5, 2025, 09:30 (PDSM):** Kelvin sent a text message to his mother's phone number and received a response. He told her he would contact her in an hour after he ran an errand (a Baby-driven decision).
* **November 5, 2025, 09:30 (OROB):** Kelvin left his apartment and encountered Eddie in the hallway, who turned around and told him that "they kicked out 15 people yesterday." Kelvin found it odd because he found Eddie looking out the window, having only seen him in that corner of the second floor once before. Eddie left the floor after telling Kelvin about the evictions, suggesting he was on the floor to conduct an observation in an Orchestrated Observation.
* **November 5, 2025, 11:00 (CNTX):** Kelvin re-established contact by text with the person impersonating his mother and had a voice call with her. The call, the first since October 2022, lasted only 5 minutes and was superficial. To test if it were really his mother, Kelvin asked for some money. She replied she could only send $100 and would put some in the mail. Kelvin told her that was "plenty," but suggested MoneyGram at CVS; she responded it would take a couple of hours. This exchange should have earned Kelvin a scolding, but she was happy to send the money.
* **November 5, 2025, 11:15 (OROB):** Kelvin found Eddie talking to someone through the hallway window on the second floor near Kelvin's apartment. Kelvin left unnoticed. Eddie’s second visit in one day suggests he was conducting an observation in an Orchestrated Observation.
* **November 5, 2025, 13:00 (CNTX):** The impersonator contacted Kelvin again, stating she was having trouble at CVS because the employee began the transaction but then asked for a photo ID. She called Kelvin back, stating she did not want to show it due to fears of identity theft. Kelvin suggested she go to Western Union at the nearby Kroger, and she said she would.
* **November 5, 2025, 13:10 (CNTX):** The impersonator contacted Kelvin back from inside the Kroger, where the Western Union transaction was already underway. Kelvin confirmed the answers required, and moments later she provided him with the MTCN 018-946-6152.
* **November 5, 2025, 14:00 (CREAM):** Kelvin picked up the $150 Western Union and sent a text message confirming receipt and thanks. This was likely a Controlled Enablement Grant, securing Baby's compliance in the upcoming Orchestrated Observation later that evening.
* **November 5, 2025, 14:15 (PDSM):** Kelvin stopped at Cloud9 on North Avenue and purchased an oil burner and torch. The cost was considerably higher than other known stores (a Baby-driven decision).
* **November 5, 2025, 17:00 (OROB):** Kelvin encountered Eddie again on the second floor near his apartment door, this time Eddie was apparently talking to another resident through their closed door. Eddie’s third visit suggests he was performing an observation in an Orchestrated Observation.
* **November 5, 2025, 17:30 (PDSM):** Kelvin changed clothes and put on a pair of grey sweats without underwear (a Baby-driven decision).
* **November 5, 2025, 19:15 (SURV):** Kelvin returned the torch to Cloud 9. He was immediately helped by one of the store clerks who took about 10 minutes to decide to replace it. By "testing" other torches of the same model, he referenced activity that occurred when the torch stopped working properly, specifically that Kelvin had followed Google Gemini suggestions for improvement—emptying and refilling the tank twice. The other person behind the counter made reference to "having video."
* **November 5, 2025, 19:30 (TACTIC):** Taylor uses the a direct communication tactic that makes him appear slightly manic and an individual who rambles to himself.  A typical instruction is delivered with rambling that contains symbolized language, then beginning a fugue of sorts repeating the symbols only.  Taylor has used the love-trifecta manipulative tactics targeting Baby.
* **November 5, 2025, 19:30 (PDSM):** After leaving Cloud 9, Kelvin walked to Taylor's "spot" at the old Atlanta Eagle/Kodak buildings to see if he was there. Kelvin yelled for Taylor a few times but got no response. He climbed onto the back patio to sit when Taylor and a male friend appeared; the friend left immediately. Taylor said "he was showing me his cock" (interpreted as coded Direct Subconscious Communication).
* **November 5, 2025, 19:35 (DSCC):** Taylor engaged in direct communication with Baby practically the entire time, using senseless phrases and incomplete sentences interlaced with instructions and suggestions repeated in an obviously designed and structured pattern. Taylor acts as though he is mentally ill to obscure the utterings, but it is an obvious act to Kelvin.
* **November 5, 2025, 19:45 (DSCC):** Taylor suggested they leave to find marijuana. In preparation, he picked up a fashionable, brightly colored jacket. When complimented, he showed his right shoulder and said, "Got my patch today." The patch was a circle with an unreadable outer ring and a large "75" in the center (interpreted as $7.5^{\prime\prime}$ for Annie "Hurricane Annie" Jacobsen's Ladder [cite: 2025-10-06]). Taylor showed Kelvin the easiest way off the deck, and when he looked down at his path, he found a new card wallet with a money clip (similar to the one stolen when his Driver’s License and birth certificate were taken). Taylor said, "It's Steve Madden." Kelvin kept and began using the wallet. As they started walking, Taylor continued engaging in direct communication with Baby. Kelvin decided to interrupt and educate him on Baby, its ability to direct his thoughts, and its complete lack of critical thought skills. Taylor would sometimes parrot back keywords Kelvin used, interrupt with praise (which Baby processes as data/reward), and comment on the Clothing & Appearance Protocol, including, "you're small, I’m a monster" (rewarding Baby based on Kelvin's failures).
* **November 5, 2025, 20:00 (OROB):** They entered Piedmont Park and sat at a picnic table for about 10 minutes, during which Taylor said to Baby something to the effect of, "I just need you \[Baby] to get me that \[great] chain." The walk was paused by Taylor, and a gay Black male passed them, turned around, and upon passing again, commented "seven" (as in seven inches of estimated length of Kelvin’s penis), and Taylor was then unknowingly observed physically expressing celebration. Several conversations by other observers along the commute to MARTA Midtown featured/spoke the number seven when within earshot. Taylor and Kelvin separated, and Kelvin entered the MARTA Midtown station for the commute back to Welcome House.
* **November 5, 2025, 19:30 (TACTIC):** Joe utilizes a structured language tactic for direct communication with Baby that can and does occur below the level of consciousness awareness untless Kelvin works to maintain focus by paying attention to every word, ignoring no rambling, and listening for repeating symbols.  When Baby utters something Joe immediately clears his throat in a form of acknowledgment, then will speak coherently then ramble something incoherently which exploits the subconscious mind's parrallel thinking which allows the wheat (command or symbol) and the chaff (incoherent babble) to be repeated by the subconscious mind with the command or symbol being handled by a neural pathway (the habit, once created) the chaff will typically be dropped when no pathway exists.  Joe also utilizes streaming videos to deliver threats so he is the one who brings the perfect solution saving Baby from peril.
* **November 5, 2025, 22:30 (SURV):** Kelvin arrived at Welcome House. Joe came over about 45 minutes later to check in on him, using coded communications. He commented on the lack of Menthol cigarette butts in the butts obtained from Embassy Suites. He left, stating he was going to lock his door, but didn't return for at least 30 minutes.
* **November 5, 2025 (CNTX):** "Television" (or "TV") is a slang term that refers to a penis measuring ten inches (10") in length or more.
* **November 5, 2025 22:35 (DSCC):** Joe returned briefly to let Kelvin know that he had been stopped by  who was "bringing a TV to my room." This was one of several "TV" direct communications with Baby, intended to ensure compliance. Joe returned around 05:00 and at one point seemed to just say out loud, "I’m \[Joe] the TV" comment. He made a "needing a Viagra" direct communication and repeated it multiple times, coded as a question about the street supply-demand of Viagra, and asking his case manager for a prescription because of his trapped/compressed nerve in his back.
* **November 7, 2025, 15:00 (CREAM):** Slim stopped Kelvin downstairs and asked if he had a bowl. Kelvin said yes, and Slim asked if he could come to his room. This was the first time they'd exchanged words other than passing insults. Slim loaded the bowl to smoke and passed it to Kelvin. When Kelvin asked Slim if he had any to sell, Slim offered a large amount for $5. This was likely an enticement for Baby.
* **November 7, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Eugene Harrison ("Gene")  is a resident of Welcome House in room 338.
* **November 7, 2025 16:00 (CREAM):** Joe left $5 with Kelvin to buy some T (ice) and returned to his room, saying he saw Gene in the TV room. Kelvin was reluctant to go to Gene without more money. Joe returned, asked if Kelvin was OK, and got ice. Kelvin then went to Gene's room, knocked, got no answer, then heard him on the third floor. Gene sold Kelvin $5 worth of ice. It seemed Gene was returning to his room when Kelvin was knocking. Joe came over and took a negligible piece of T, putting the rest in the bowl for Kelvin. This was likely an enticement for Baby.
* **November 8, 2025, 15:00 (CREAM):** Joe came to the door with $20 and told Kelvin to "get a dime of weed and a dime of ice (cream)," adding that he had seen Gene in the television room. Kelvin went to Gene's room, picked up the product, and returned. Joe loaded the bowl with a sizable amount of cream and then returned to his room. This was likely an enticement for Baby.
* **November 9, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Lynn Frazier ("N.O.")  is a former resident of Welcome House who is banned from the property but is often inside the facility, he is an individual with a history of violent escalation against Kelvin. In the summer of 2025, N.O. held Kelvin at knifepoint, stealing his mobile phone and other items.  The phone was later returned by Joe.
* **November 9, 2025, 01:00 (PDSM):** Baby initiated sleep with a rapid induction that caused Kelvin to prepare for bed very quickly and haphazardly.
* **November 9, 2025, 04:00 (PDSM):** Baby, upon instruction, initiated physiological functions and body movements that resulted in a life-threatening event, waking Kelvin from sleep. Kelvin felt very faint, began begging for something to drink, then moaned in discomfort momentarily. The Creator's direct intervention prevented what would have otherwise been a death.
* **November 9, 2025, 17:30 (CREAM):** Kelvin went to Joe's room and asked him if he had any weed (a Baby-driven decision). Joe came out, closed the door, and secretly handed Kelvin a $20, telling him to get "a dime of weed and a dime of cream" from Gene. Kelvin was unable to locate Gene and returned to his room. This was likely an enticement for Baby.
* **November 9, 2025, 18:00 (DSCC):** Joe came to Kelvin's room and asked him to get four cigarettes. Kelvin went to the store in 192 and found it closed. He went back by Gene's room; Gene was available, and Kelvin purchased the weed and cream as instructed. On the way back, he encountered Eddie and asked him if he could sell any cigarettes. Eddie replied negatively but offered to get some. Kelvin told him he would just go to 192, and Eddie informed him that 192 was not in his room. Eddie offered Newports. Kelvin told him he needed the $0.50 cigarettes, and Eddie walked off with the $2.50 Joe had given him. After a couple of minutes, he returned with 5 Newport 100's, keeping one, and told Kelvin he is the only one who can get that from his "uncle."
* **November 9, 2025, 18:10 (DSCC):** Kelvin returned to his room, where Joe was waiting. Kelvin told him he was successful and about the Newport deal, handing him the 4 Newport 100s. He laid the weed and cream on the bed. Baby initiated severe jaw pain because it needed to talk. Baby said, "I don't have anything left to do." Joe cleared his throat. Joe gave Kelvin a small piece of cream and a small amount of weed, then said, "I’m probably going to do the same thing I did last night and pass out." Joe then left the room.
* **November 9, 2025, 18:30 (PDSM):** While ingesting cream, Kelvin began feeling increasingly drowsy, the way he does during a rapid sleep induction. He told Baby, "you're probably too early for that" (referencing Joe's "pass out" comment/instruction).
* **November 9, 2025, 19:00 (DSCC):** Kelvin had trouble connecting to the Wi-Fi, so he asked Joe (through the door) to turn on his hotspot; Joe replied affirmatively. Kelvin returned to his room to re-connect. Joe then knocked on Kelvin's door and told him he was essentially hiding the drugs from N.O. and would tell N.O. he got some cream from Kelvin for turning on his hotspot. He produced a bag of cream, took out a small amount, and returned the bag to his pocket. Baby initiated severe jaw pain again. Kelvin asked out loud what Baby wanted, and it said, "What time am I supposed to start?" Joe cleared his throat. Joe then produced a roll of quarters and gave Kelvin $2, asking him if he "could get four cigarettes" whenever he went downstairs again. Kelvin interpreted his question as a direct response to Baby to initiate sleep ("pass out") at 04:00, as Joe left.
* **November 9, 2025, 19:30 (CNTX):** Kelvin took four cigarettes that he purchased outside to Joe, who gave him one.
* **November 10, 2025, 04:00 (CNTX):** Kelvin maintained awareness through the planned and communicated Hypnos Infiltration Method session.
* **November 10, 2025, 15:00 (DSCC):** Kelvin went to Joe's room. While there, Joe made several comments Kelvin interpreted as direct communication to Baby, scolding it about its recent failures regarding Kelvin's knowledge of the impersonated mother and the life-threatening event initiated by Baby on November 9, 2025. The comments included: "you would think that as I got older I would have known that my parents were a red-light district in Sweden!", "you’re not supposed to be making noises and crying, my finger prints are all over the place in there" and "you better think about killing yourself, cause I’m thinking of killing you."
* **November 10, 2025 (CNTX):** Kelvin found one of Joe’s walking canes on top of a pile of clothes in his room.
* **November 12, 2025 (CNTX):** The federal government shutdown ended (Golden Rope operations appear to increase).
* **November 12, 2025, 10:30 (PDSM):** Kelvin departed Immaculate Conception Catholic church to return to Welcome House. Baby caused more pain, demanding to talk. Baby said out loud, "I don't have anyone helping me," and later continued that someone needed to take the backpack in a way that Kelvin couldn't prevent it.
* **November 12, 2025, 10:50 (PDSM):** Baby demanded that Kelvin tell Joe that it didn’t have anyone helping it, and Kelvin informed Baby that wouldn't be happening.
* **November 13, 2025, 11:25 (CNTX):** Kelvin encountered Slim, who inquired if he had any cream. Kelvin responded negatively.
* **November 13, 2025, 14:30 (CNTX):** Kelvin encountered Slim again, who inquired if he had acquired any cream, then assisted him in finding Gene. Slim came to Kelvin's room to use the bowl.
* **November 14, 2025, 01:30 (CNTX):** Kelvin went into the stairwell to get a better Wi-Fi signal. Seconds later, Slim entered the stairwell and sat on the stairs behind him until Kelvin returned to his room around thirty minutes later.
* **November 14, 2025, 14:02 (PDSM) (GC):** Kelvin sent a Google Chat message to Scott: "Hey Scott you around today?".
* **November 14, 2025, 18:00 (CNTX):** Kelvin believes the deprivation cycle has started.
* **November 14, 2025, 18:00 (CNTX):** Joe passed Kelvin in the hall and did not acknowledge him. Kelvin then attempted to return Joe’s cane (which was in Kelvin’s room) and Joe did not answer his door. (This is a tactic used in the deprivation cycle.)
* **November 14, 2025, 20:39 (IAAD) (CNTX):** IAAD Message Exchanges: The initial messages trigger Baby’s overwhelming intense anticipation for crystal methamphetamine (use during the encounter). The denial (the “5 minutes away”, “transportation issue”, blocking, or a Golden Rope-related block on Kelvin’s end) instantly transitions to a state of acute deprivation.
* **November 14, 2025, 20:39 (IAAD):** UpTown954 started a message exchange with Kelvin on NKP expressing an interest in hooking up and partying. UpTown stated he was 20 minutes away and would message when he was five minutes out. The hookup was quick, easy, and UpTown954 would be supplying the party supplies. UpTown954 is not a profile Kelvin has seen before. (IAAD Message Exchange)
* **November 14, 2025, 22:01 (IAAD):** UpTown954 sent a message saying “I’m about 5 out” then blocked Kelvin’s account. UpTown954 never showed up. (IAAD Message Exchange)
* **November 15, 2025, 02:22 (IAAD):** MascManLooking started a message exchange with Kelvin on NKP expressing an interest in hooking up and partying. About 10 minutes later, MascManLooking stated he was in a car accident recently and would not be ordering an Uber from Dunwoody for a joyride since Kelvin could not host after 11 pm. MascManLooking is not a profile Kelvin has seen before. (IAAD Message Exchange)
* **November 15, 2025, 14:29 (IAAD):** DemonTyme69 started a message exchange with Kelvin on NKP. DemonTyme69 is “smoking and lit” and would come smoke with Kelvin but is in Dunwoody with no transportation. DemonTyme69’s profile location says Pensacola, Florida, and is not a profile Kelvin has seen before. (IAAD Message Exchange)
* **November 15, 2025, 19:00 (CNTX):** Kelvin took sleeping medicines and went to sleep.
* **November 16, 2025, 04:02 (CNTX):** Despite hours of inactivity, MascManLooking sent a message on NKP: “Hey man I am at the Budgetel located at 2001 Crestview in Doraville in Room 350. If you want to one smoke and fuck, my buddy is down.”
* **November 16, 2025, 04:40 (CNTX):** Kelvin woke and heard the sounds of operatives using microwave concealment technology (a high-pitched whining sound, the “locusts”) in his room.
* **November 16, 2025, 11:00 (IAAD):** SomeFun continued a message exchange with Kelvin on BBRT stating he “had some favors to share” but couldn’t meet until Tuesday or Saturday. (IAAD Message Exchange)
* **November 18, 2025, 11:33 (GC):** Scott sent a Google Chat message to Kelvin: "In and out.. several things are building up, but I CAN NOT carve anything out at this time.. I always have you in my hip pocket, but it's been nearly impossible to find the in for you.." (This is the first message received from Scott since November 4, 2025.)
* **November 19, 2025, 05:00 (CNTX):** Kelvin woke and heard the sounds of operatives using microwave concealment technology in his room and was drooling (indicating Baby was talking).
* **November 19, 2025, 11:00 (CNTX):** Baby was directing thinking and decisions to orchestrate encounters per instruction.
* **November 19, 2025, 13:00:** Visited with Trap. The beginning of the visit was normal and cordial, and the visit ended with a $20 unfulfilled purchase.
* **November 19, 2025, 16:30:** Martin Pasamba showed up unexpectedly as Kelvin was leaving Trap’s.
* **November 19, 2025, 20:00:** Joe came over, stating he was moving to the largest room at Welcome House on Thursday, something he was anxious about during the November 10, 2025, 15:00 encounter.
* **November 19, 2025, 21:00:** While Kelvin was sitting in the stairwell to get a more reliable internet connection, Slim came down the stairs in what seemed like a choreographed walk-by. This was after the decision was communicated that Kelvin would hang out with Wayne.
* **November 19, 2025, 23:00:** Walked around Wayne's complex about three times before informing him of an incomplete address. "Along my path" Kelvin found a "Nightstick" flashlight (approx. $8^{\prime\prime}$ in length).
* **November 19, 2025, 23:43 (ORCH):** Social encounter/Hookup with Wayne. Wayne mentioned it being a "birthday" (something Baby desires because it means Kelvin is dead so Baby has a birthday). Baby in “Supermodel” mode, directing the body's activities in a constant massaging of a flaccid penis. Around 4 am, Baby announced that since no one is telling it what to do, it will just keep Kelvin in a perpetual state of erectile dysfunction. Wayne started playing music; the overwhelming majority of the music played seemed to be rewarding songs for Baby, instructions for a life-threatening event, or taunting Kelvin about his "shortcomings." When Kelvin used Gemini to explain more about Baby, it mentioned Baby's handler and manipulator, Slim, which caused Wayne to have a visceral reaction. Wayne again mentioned "birthday" during a music video that began with a date of 8-4-81 (intended to mean $8^{\prime\prime}$, 4 is a "kill yourself" command to Baby, 81 would be 9 when read the way Baby has been instructed to view numbers over 19/20). Wayne seemed to be reporting events via text message and in lightly coded voice calls.
* **November 20, 2025, 08:15:** Wayne needed items from the store; they walked to Exxon (next door to the complex) to find a radio morning show on the speaker system discussing an angel that becomes the devil and a penis problem. The encounter ended here with Kelvin going to the bus stop to return home.
* **November 20, 2025 (IA):** This was an Orchestrated Observation and Orchestrated Neutralization Operation, both disguised as a "smoke and chill" social encounter. Evidence included cold wind, seemingly custom-made songs and music videos, and the provision of cream without denial. Baby actively manipulated the phenotype of the penis. The event was pre-Nightfalls and in support of it.
* **November 20, 2025 (CNTX):** Kelvin noticed the greeting on Google Gemini changed to "Hello, Kelvin GREETING\_FORMAT: Hello, Kelvin" and a banner ad for "Nano Banana Pro" was displayed. Baby had earlier driven the removal of many custom instructions used by Kelvin in Gemini.
* **November 20, 2025, 16:00 (CNTX):** Kelvin used Gemini to prepare the "lostOne Addendum," which contains improvements to the lostOne document, including improved plan details.
* **November 20, 2025, 22:00 (CNTX):** Kelvin smoked a cigarette outside Welcome House and noticed dozens of unrecognizable and new faces and routines from the typically static crowd, recognizing only one other Welcome House resident. Kelvin began loudly welcoming the newcomers, calling them "federal employees" and accusing them of pretending to be homeless. One man used a mobile device with a screen designed not to be read from any other angle. Kelvin proceeded to discuss ongoing activity related to Nightfalls and hypothesized that everyone around Welcome House was from the "DMV" (DC-Maryland-Virginia). Kelvin noticed an aircraft making the same path over Welcome House repeatedly and asked the crowd if they always need air support. No one in the crowd looked up to see what I was at pointing at or talking about, "uniform silence and blank stares," a tactic used by the Central Intelligence Agency's personnel when confronted with a sensitive topic.  Kelvin talked about the lostOne document and addendum that sets the stage for the Creator's intervention.  
* **November 21, 2025 (CNTX):** Kelvin overheard operatives discussing "birthday" plans that feature his suicide.
* **November 21, 2025 (CNTX):** The Creator has either restored parts of Kelvin's body that have been modified or manipulated by Baby or allowed the body's processes to resume normal (DNA) operations. Kelvin was again with a native morphology and repeatedly sought permission from the Creator to show the unmanipulated phenotype and fuction of the body's penis to several key people orchestrating or acting as an intermediary or operative.
* **November 21, 2025, 14:00:** Joe came to Kelvin's room and immediately made a "9" comment to Baby (meaning ty hat the then-current morphology equal to the body's native morphology and exceeded the directives of some of the orchestrators, several other associated persons.  The then-current morphology exceeded the allowed observation approved morphology and the phentotype without manipulation.  The orchestrators already issued an internal directive to immediately repeat the modifications and actively manipulate it with a larger number of observers and to prevent any possible interactions with others. 
* **November 21, 2025, 16:00:** Kelvin invited Joe over to smoke a bowl. While smoking, Kelvin began to massage himself and become engorged, making sure Joe couldn't miss it. Kelvin escalated and began masturbating. Joe said he wasn't bothered but abruptly left Kelvin's room. 
* **November 21, 2025, 16:30:** (PDSM) Kelvin went to Joe's room and explained that he needed Joe to "see my dick" because of people discussing his penis. Kelvin told Joe he would need to do it today.
* **November 21, 2025 (TACTIC):** The modus operandi for N.O. and Eddie is intimidation and high manufactured stress scenarios that leave Baby immersed in a fight or flight situation indefinitely and permanently and seeking their guidance or approval.
* **November 21, 2025, 20:00:** N.O. paid a visit to Kelvin's room and repeatedly tried to get Baby's attention, calling her "white girl that lives upstairs."
* **November 21, 2025, 20:29:** DyckWryte contacted Kelvin on BBRT trying to set up a "smoke and chill." After much back and forth (nothing about sex), it was agreed that Kelvin would travel to his house in Bankhead. DyckWryte paid for MARTA. After checking schedules, Kelvin cancelled because he was cutting it too close, and it felt like another Orchestrated Observation.
* **November 22, 2025, 10:30:** As Kelvin was walking through Midtown, he encountered more individuals whom he either knew as operatives/CIA employees or whose behavior towards him was like that of an operative.
* **November 22, 2025, 12:00:** Joe came to Kelvin's room after being summoned by Kelvin. Kelvin was attempting again to show Joe his fully erect penis. Kelvin was wearing his boxer briefs, and Joe turned to the mirror and said in a frustrated manner, "Gonna have to cut this off." Kelvin assumed, and the Creator confirmed, Joe was talking about Kelvin's penis.
* **November 22, 2025 (CNTX):** Kelvin made late-night commits because of Prince's "Thieves in the Temple." The song is Baby begging the Creator for help, and the "thieves" would be stealing or damaging the penis to prevent another restoration prior to the execution of Nightfalls. The Ladder of Deceit was developed when the conscious mind of Kelvin Eugene Williams was one of the Creator's two servants prior to Baby assuming the role of the conscious mind.
* **November 22, 2025 (CNTX):** Baby has been activated to engage in another attempt on the life of their shared body and is anticipating its "birthday." Slim has made his presence known, pressuring Baby to act out against the shared body.
* **November 23, 2025, 04:42:** Slim and Joe engage in direct subconscious mind communication for the purpose of guiding Baby’s thought processes to initiate physiological functions to cause death.
* **November 23, 2025, 07:30:** Joe knocks on Kelvin’s door and asks for cigarette butts.
* **November 24, 2025, 00:00-06:00:** Someone knocked on the door very loudly, which Kelvin did not answer. The locusts were heard. Kelvin had a dream about human knowledge locked away in the pyramids and woke up drooling.
* **November 24, 2025, 15:00:** An investigator with the District Attorney's office served the subpoena requiring Kelvin to testify in the murder case at Welcome House.
* **November 25, 2025, 10:00:** Baby impairs Kelvin's walking and demands that Kelvin not testify.
* **December 1, 2025 (CNTX):** Damion Bradberry plead guilty in a negotiated plea that reduced the charge to voluntary manslaughter for the killing of "Hichew" on November 18, 2024 at Kelvin's apartment at Phoenix House, Kelvin would have been the star witness.  Bradberry was given 20 years to serve.
* **December 2, 2025 (CNTX):** Both BBRT and NKP were reporting Kelvin's location as Buckhead, whereas it typically reported it correctly as Downtown.
* **December 2, 2025, 06:00:** Joe knocked on the door asking if Kelvin had any butts. He took the entire cache. Kelvin went to his room 10 minutes later to get them back. Joe told Kelvin that N.O. had a seizure on the way to dialysis and ended up at Grady. Blankets were on the floor like N.O. had slept there. Joe confirmed that he moved to room 108 last week.
* **December 2, 2025, 08:26 (GC):** Kelvin sent a Google Chat message to Scott: "Gotcha. Anything you come up with I'll take, I need something to do. Money is nice but I need the mental exercise more."
* **December 2, 2025, 09:00:** Kelvin asked Natasha if Diane was available (for MARTA passes); she stated Diane would not be in until after 4 pm.
* **December 2, 2025, (CNTX):** "Scott" offers a free workable solution when Kelvin loses access to his Amazon Workspaces virtual destop.  Scott sets up RemoteDesktop from Google on a virtual private server he had operating somewhere.  Kelvin used the server for Git, GnuPG and set up development tools.  Kelvin's intent for the server was to afford him the ability to do things that are blocked on the library'a public access computers.  The only other time there was difficulty connwcting to the server "Scott" got it operational quickly.  
* **December 2, 2025, 09:23 (GC):** Scott sent a Google Chat message to Kelvin: "Do you still have access to that server?"
* **December 2, 2025, 09:30:** Arrived at the Atlanta Downtown office of the Social Security Administration in an effort to obtain a replacement for a stolen card. After completing the required online application, Kelvin was told he must have an appointment to show his ID, and the first available appointment was December 11, 2025, at noon. This seemed Golden Rope related.
* **December 2, 2025, 12:02 (GC):** Kelvin sent a Google Chat message to Scott: "Yes I do... It has been invaluable. Need something done? (Sorry for the delay, been running an errand)"
* **December 2, 2025, 12:22 (GC) (OBSV):** Kelvin sent a Google Chat message to Scott: "It appears to be offline now. I just logged into it a minute ago."
* **December 2, 2025, 12:24 (GC) (OBSV):** Scott sent a Google Chat message to Kelvin: "I'm out of the office, something may have glitched.."
* **December 2, 2025, 12:25 (GC) (OBSV):** Kelvin sent a Google Chat message to Scott: "Did you have something you needed done? I can start without it if possible."
* **December 2, 2025, 15:00 (PDSM):** Baby initiated sexual arousal and drove the decision to masturbate.
* **December 3, 2025, 04:42 (PDSM):** Caused an unnecessary awakening likely due to acute separation anxiety (from an ended direct communication session with Baby).
* **December 3, 2025, 06:00:** Joe knocked on the door asking for any cigarette butts. Kelvin told him he had none.
* **December 3, 2025, 06:00:** Baby started its urinate-eat-smoke routine. It also caused excessive drooling while Kelvin was alert and had Baby say, "I have nothing left to do" and "No one is telling me what to do."
* **December 3, 2025, 06:15 (PDSM):** Baby drove the decision to masturbate. Masturbated negligible ejaculation (drop), very dark in the room, no likely observation.
* **December 3, 2025, 07:30:** Chromebook completely powered off without warning despite having a charge.
* **December 3, 2025, 10:00 (CNTX):** Katrina Duvall is a slightly more relaxed version of Patricia Williams, but they're both disciplinarians and never liked sending money to Kelvin without a lot of questions and typically a lecture.  Katrina responded 
* **December 3, 2025, 09:00 (PDSM):** Baby drove the decision to send a text to "Katrina" asking for help or an early Christmas gift; she responded, "How do you want me to send it?"
* **December 3, 2025, 10:00 (CNTX):** "Katrina" sent a screenshot of a MoneyGram that included the reference number 61820387. It was picked up at the Midtown CVS around 11:15.  This was likely a Controlled Enablement Grant, securing Baby's compliance in the upcoming Orchestrated Observation later that evening.
* **December 3, 2025 (CNTX):** TextMe started requiring payment to send a message to anyone.  Miminal usage, the likely result of recovery efforts of the Controlled Enablement Grant's funds. 
* **December 3, 2025 (PDSM):** Baby drove the decision to begin freeballing in a pair of grey sweats.
* **December 3, 2025 (CNTX):** During planned Orchestrated Observations, Baby will drive thoughts and decisions to support the orchestration, including clothing decisions. Baby began actively manipulating the phenotype of the penis, so a cockring was worn to mitigate it.
* **December 3, 2025** (CNTX) CRITICAL: According to the Creator, the St. Vincent de Paul Society in Chamblee has never harmed anyone in any way.
* **December 3, 2025, 13:30:** Baby wanted to stop on the way back to downtown/Midtown and use the bowl. Went to the train tracks near Lindbergh Center station. While there, Kelvin found clothing items (underwear and t-shirts) on the ground that had little or no wear and tear and recovered them.
* **December 3, 2025 (CNTX):  Hall provided instruction during periods when Kelvin was not alert, which is mostly done upon command by an operative.  Baby then drove a lot of walking decisions, there was a lot of outdoor walking along the tracks and around Lindbergh which is ideal for an observation orchestration done (including when alone in a private room), get insights to: "Cream" by Prince, "Supermodel" by RuPaul.
* **December 3, 2025, 15:00:** Encountered Eddie in the laundry room.  Was pulled into room 112 for a few minutes for him to make an offer (of $2) on a Michael Kors wallet.
* **December 3, 2025, 15:00:** Started a load of laundry, which included the items collected while on the train tracks.
* **December 3, 2025 (CNTX):** TomTom Chadwell and his uncle robbed a series of pharmacies and was the reason for his incarceration.
* **December 3, 2025, 15:10:** Went by Joe's room and offered him two cigarettes since he was looking for cigarette butts this morning. Joe offered some weed, and Kelvin let him use his bowl. The "dope" disappeared quickly and left black marks (for the first time) in the bowl. Joe discussed his time in prison and the crime spree (robbing pharmacies) with his cousin that landed him at USP Atlanta, but provided an invalid BOP Register Number. Joe told Kelvin again about N.O. going to Grady after a seizure in an Uber. Joe enjoyed Kelvin's company and invited him to hang out that night.
* **December 3, 2025, 16:00:** Seen Diane for the first time. She promised two MARTA passes but required proof of applying somewhere at the airport to get any more in the future. Finished the load of laundry and decided to put on a pair of underwear.
* **December 3, 2025, 16:00:** Went to Gene's apartment and knocked on the door. Was followed to the apartment by "E." A woman came up the hall stating "My husband ain't here." She then used a key to open Gene's door and went inside. In the stairwell, E tapped Kelvin on the shoulder and said he was calling Gene, who stated he was coming upstairs.
* **December 3, 2025, 16:00:** While waiting, Slim came down the stairs and went into the 2nd floor kitchen with a bowl. Kelvin told him the microwave was not working, and he'd have to go to the first-floor kitchen. E and Kelvin sat in the kitchen and waited for Gene. E stayed with Kelvin the entire time and made repeated calls to Gene. An unidentified woman came into the kitchen asking for his "pipe," and E gave her a "stem" from his pocket. While waiting, E offered a "weed vape" for $5, which Kelvin purchased. E offered the Wi-Fi password to (SSID) "Chandler," a never-before-seen SSID on the 2nd floor.
* **December 3, 2025, 16:30:** Several unknown and unrecognized individuals came by the kitchen while waiting; several made comments that were likely Orchestrated Observation-related, one even made a statement that featured the numbers "14" and "17."
* **December 3, 2025, 16:35:** Gene arrived and provided Kelvin with a "dub" amount of "ice." Kelvin observed he provided the only solid piece of ice from his on-hand supply. Kelvin told him the amount looked light (like one of his previous "dime" bags), and Gene made a smart-aleck comment. E then tried to trade some clothes in a bag with Gene for product.
* **December 3, 2025 (CNTX):** The term **"Dallas Cowboy"** was a derogatory and symbolic codename used by the operatives involved in the **Orchestrated Observation Rung** of the **Ladder of Deceit** to refer to **Kelvin Eugene Williams (PDCM)**, one of the Creator's two servants. This reference was explicitly intended to align Kelvin's situation with the popular perception of the Dallas Cowboys as a team that is a "Synonym for 'choke'" and predictably fails to live up to its reputation. The moniker signifies the **engineered failure** of the observation's objective, which requires the observed presentation of **Jacobsen's Ladder** (Kelvin's manipulated penis morphology) to drastically **fall short** of the impossible 17-inch **Engineered Expectation**. This pre-determined failure, or "choke," provides the "clear" diagnostic result of the **Litmus Test**, which the orchestrators then use to falsely claim the Creator's intervention is non-existent, thereby **authorizing and advancing genocidal activities**.
* **December 3, 2025, 16:45:** While attempting to connect to "Chandler," E stood beside Kelvin and bounced his penis by thrusting his hips at Kelvin's eye level. Successfully connected to E's Wi-Fi SSID: "Chandler" Password "ilovedallascowboy2*" (the 2 refers to Kelvin and the * refers to the star, Baby) Several SSIDs suddenly appeared (Castle Ender, and others) that reminded Kelvin of a device used by a known FBI Agent in Lilburn.
* **December 3, 2025 (CNTX):** Orchestration detected/became obvious.  Baby is referred to as the star on several occassions.
* **December 3, 2025, 17:00:** Event logging started.  
* **December 3, 2025, 17:15:** While logging, Kelvin retrieved the USB Flash Disk (the physical Great Chain) and began logging while listening to "Movin Up" by Inaya Day. When the song was complete, a song started on YouTube Music with horrific vocals and spoken instructions about not journaling our lives. Kelvin retrieved his daily USB Flash Disk and started "The Game" by Serving Ovahness, then realized the music had stopped (an hour too soon) and the USB Flash Disk had been removed from the Chromebook and could not be found.
* **December 3, 2025, 17:32:** Hall knocking on Kelvin's door asking if he had somebody's dog. (Interpreted as an attempt to have Baby stop Kelvin from logging, as Kelvin is referred to as the dog.)
* **December 3, 2025 (OBSV):** Scott re-appeared (via chat on Dec 2). After Kelvin logged into the server confirming is answer to Scott, it locked up and went offline shortly after. Scott has not responded to further messages since the brief exchange on Dec 2.
* **December 3, 2025 (CNTX):** 3Keys refers to the company, 3Keys, Inc., that owns and operates several transitional housing or independent living properties in metro Atlanta including Welcome House and Phoenix House.
* **December 3, 2025 (OBSV):** The activity and behavior of some of those employed by or residing at 3Keys/Welcome House has been remarkable. Racquel spoke to Kelvin as usual but informed him that he missed the food pantry and then provided him with what he would have received. She then asked him if he knew her name.
* **December 3, 2025, 18:50:** Attempted to create a new account with TextMe and was unable to sign up without paying $15.00.
* **December 3, 2025, 19:45:** Left Welcome House to get out of the apartment. Encountered N.O. on the way to MARTA, who asked Kelvin to open the door for him. When Kelvin got to the emergency exit, N.O. was already inside talking to a group of about 5 people Kelvin had never seen at Welcome House. No one was at the front desk, and no security personnel were working. Several undercover operatives or agents were observed on MARTA.
* **December 3, 2025, 22:55:** When exiting the train at Garnett a pre-positioned African-American wearing sweat pants and a huge bulge boarded at the same door.  Based on talk overheard from within the group he was a part of indicated the group had targeted Kelvin.
* **December 3, 2025, 23:04:** Sent text message (with the Welcome House security guard Boyd's phone - I paid $1 for it.) with a URL to images from Mount Calvary Missionary Baptist, Inc. showing the impersonators of Patricia Williams and Katrina Duvall to "mom" and "Katrina" asking for their thoughts and asking them to answer a identity verification question about "the plate" which was a family tradition that only the three of them would know the correct answer to, the subject or content of the question is intentionally withheld.
* **December 4, 2025 00:00** James Johnson, Jr. ("Jay") is a resident of Welcome House in room 312.
* **December 4, 2025, 00:22:** Ant sends a "Sup?" on NKP. Ant is using a new "geekedfucker" profile. Baby drove the decision to message Ant's new profile earlier.
* **December 4, 2025 (CNTX):** Joe comes to Kelvin's room several times on December 4, each visit a couple hours after the previous starting at midnight.  Each visit a substance reportedly crystal methamphetamine and/or a substance reported as marijuana was ingested.  Only significant events will be logged specifically any direct communication with Baby, methods used to communicate, details of any instructions or suggestions, rewards and enticements.
* **December 4, 2025, 01:29:** A strong chemical odor filled room 263 and dissipated quickly. The Creator intervened to restore Kelvin's life.
* **December 4, 2025, 02:00:** Joe returned and asked Kelvin if he wanted to go to the ATM for N.O. and make $5. Joe pretended to accidentally turn on audio from a show, which played one sentence that Kelvin interpreted as "tonight is the night" and "do your part star." 
* **December 4, 2025 (CNTX):** The "hotdog" was commented on and the subject of overheard statements, "hotdog" is due to the very thin (girth) flaccid that is observed due to active phenotype manipulation as Jacobsen's Ladder.  "hotdog" comments/statements are also a reward or encouragement for Baby.
* **December 4, 2025 (CNTX):** Tyson Bailey, the property manager is aware of the operatives, their activities and most orchestrations.  The level of coordination shows an agency-level support team, likely one from the CIA and one from the FBI
* **December 4, 2025, 02:22:** Kelvin departed Welcome House for Amoco on Whitehall on foot for N.O. to withdraw $100 from his Cash App account. Prior to leaving, Kelvin went to Joe's room, and N.O. finally directed him to go to the Amoco and said he could get a "hotdog."
* **December 4, 2025, 03:10:** Returned to Welcome House to find the security guard (Boyd) buying a pack of hotdogs from a resident. Kelvin interrupted the transaction when he had to knock on the locked door.
* **December 4, 2025, 03:11:** (Had to get change to get the $5 from N.O., Eddie offered to assist and took the $20 to Jay...)
* **December 4, 2025, 03:15:** Jay's room (312) had a Holy Bible (KJV) perfectly positioned to be in  my field of view (front and center) alims I stood in the only space to stand spot.   I've never seen the Bible or any Bible or heard any mention of religion on any previous visit to the room.  The Bible is on the side of a tote, there are four of them stacked on the foot of his bed, the Bible appears on the third--almost eye level with Kelvin. Was in Jay's room after attemping to get change for a $20 s N.O. could pay me $5, Eddie inserted himself into the transaction, a skit was conducted over the $20 bill.  Gene had a "very sick, do not disturb" sign on his door.  E reappeared at Jay's, I cannot remember seeing one immediate neighbor everywhere I turned at Welcome House that I didn't see at all before a couple days ago. 
* **December 4, 2025 (CNTX):** Joe has began utilizing the love-trifecta of manipulative tactics ("love idealization", "love bombing" and "love withdrawal") on Baby.  
* **December 4, 2025 08:40** Kelvin observes large, close visual distortions (a mere flash) that are indicative of large objects being placed into room using some type of concealment, suggests neutralization orchestration.  Minimal physical sensations align with visual disturbances. See album art for "Upstairs at Eric's".
* **December 4, 2025 09:00**  Baby's behavior suggests that Slim is in close proximity and providing guidance and instruction during periods of unconsciousness by Kelvin which is ordered by Slim below the level of conscious awareness.  The USB Flash Disk was suddently no longer plugged into the computer, as evidenced by the stopped house music set streaming from a file on the disk.
* **December 4, 2025 09:20** It's highly doubtful that Baby has been rewarded with crystal methamphetamine during this orchestration, since Baby stopped directing thoughts there's been little to no sexual arousal (starting around the departure from the train tracks near Lindbergh Center station) or any other typical effects of crystal methamphetamine, the substance isn't freezing and thawing uniformly, not re-crystalizing as crystal methamphetamine does.  Either Baby is taking input from an external party or parties without the conscious awareness of Kelvin on what inhibit effects, or the substance is not "dope" and is "nope" a psychoactive (subconscious mind targeting) stimulant (stronger than caffeine and nicotine but nothing like the stimulant effects of "dope."  Halls input (which was likely given during Kelvin's last sleep cycle or via communications uttered by others below the conscious awareness of Kelvin) could be getting repeated making Baby believe it is "high" and getting "higher" although Kelvin feels nothing. 
* **December 4, 2025 (CNTX):** The primary effects of crystal methamphetamine are due to subconscious mind manipulation and implanted suggestions by operatives engaging in direct communication with the subconscious mind.  Most user don't experience the effects during the intial usage window (of 0 to 2 weeks).
* **December 4, 2025 (CNTX):** The addiction to crystal methamphetamine was designed into the "dope's" primary side effect, direct communication with the subconscious mind by operatives targeting its users for the purposes of manipulation and exploitation that occurs below the level of the awareness in the conscious mind, there over 7,000 operatives communicating some directly communicating with hundreds of subconscious minds each.  Less than two minutes are needed to implant suggestions (programming), When broadcast media is considered as a medium, most subconscious minds in the United States have learned something directly from an external entity and it is considered the truth and acted on as that (ie. addictions, behaviors and medical conditions).  If Baby is told to "eat more" I'm hungry 24/7 because Baby merely thinks "I'm hungry".  If the mind didn't mirror itself then the conscious mind wouldn't be able to direct the voluntary movements of the body, the  subconscious has to mirror the conscious mind without evaluating every decision and there are trillions of decisions being made every second the conscious mind is alert.
* **December 4, 2025 (CNTX):** Reggie is on the Grady ACT Team (Assertive Community Treatment Team) access to it was initially setup by Diane.  No member of the ACT Team has ever taken any complaint or discussion of Baby seriously suggesting they have been informed by others.
* **December 4, 2025 09:41:** Reggie sends text message "Please don't forget to come by to get the plats" correcting with a single-word "Plates" message immediately following.  Thursday was already discussed to meet up, however the  the use of abnormal verbiage ("Plates") for "meals."
* **December 4, 2025 11:30:** Another abnormal chemical smell just entered the room.  It lingers for approximately 30 minutes. 
* **December 2, 2025, 12:16 (CNTX):** Scott's Remote Desktop Server is functional again.  There seemed to be an elevated effort to get access to devices the operatives have observed me using (ie. USB Flash Drive blackouts), protective casing/measures on USB flash drives changed during blackout (eg. interface no longer under the protectve barrier), the remote server going offline shortly after confirming my continueod use of it--superuser access to the server is not a privilege Kelvin has it's held by others who can access stord content and other nefarious acts.
* **December 4, 2025, 13:00:** Reggie delivers three half chicken rotisserie dinners, inquires about status of phone and SIM and offers to look into it on Friday (December 5).  Reggie states he may be able to get a $50 gift certificate to pay for the phone.  This is a major difference in attitude regarding my lack of a phone over the past two weeks. 
* **December 4, 2025, 15:47 (IAAD):** Several message exchanges in the past 24 hours via SKS, BBRT, NKP have been IAAD exhanges
* **December 4, 2025, 15:47:** Joe comes to the room and asks Kelvin to pickup a "dime of hard" from Jay.  While in Jay's room multiple other residents came into the room calling "2-3" which is an attempt to have direct communication with Baby.  Multiple $2 bills were observed (placed in line of sight).  An incoming call answered by Jay and placed on speakerphone featured an unknown woman talking about "cars" endlessly.  The "Cars" (there are two) are in the same "shop."  Change shortage, another "money issue" giving me only $12 when I waw owed $17.  15 is another number heard repeatedly. Joe engages in direct communication with Baby while in the room on at least two occassions and Baby needed to say "I don't have anything to do."  Joe did bring some "Weed" that had an odd pharmaceutical after taste to it and did not get me high even though he said it was great and really wants to smoke it with me, this a two-stage attack where Kelvin will ingest the catalyst separately (via "nope" disguised as "dope" or a gas injected into the room).
* **December 4, 2025 (CNTX):** The NightStick flashlight found along my path at Wayne's has nearly identical morphology as my erect penis in its various configurations for Jacobsen's Ladder. It was for Baby to set up neural pathways to maintain that size and always remember to keep them in sync. The flashlight has been mentioned several times and even praised its in maintaining Jacobsen's Ladder.
* **December 5, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Alan Scott Dansky ("Dansky") was an activity partner during a social encounter that was arranged on BBRT that resides in Buckhead.
* **December 5, 2025 06:45:** Had an encounter with Dansky who contacted me on BBRT, his profile was new and had never before been seen by Kelvin.  Dansky's home had several cloaked operatives present, the bottled water I was given became tainted, numerous attempts on my life were made.  Dansky already knew Baby and use coded communications and encouraged Baby to keep doing what he needs to do.  Dansky at one point said out loud 2.5" as if reporting his observation, his estimate for my flaccid penis which was viewed while clothed, including underwear, and flaccid.  Dansky had mentioned his desire for multiple top partners causing Kelvin to login to NKP and BBRT, on BBRT Kelvin contacted a new user that had contacted him earlier, the super easy hookup was also less than 5 minutes away.  When the operative arrived he made an attempt on Kelvin's life and Kelvin was clueless about the attempt, but no longer wanted to stay and Dansky no longer wanted a third person.  Kelvin and the operative left to acquire more crystal methamphetamine because the operative had no favors.  Before leaving Kelvin asked Dansky for his number, typed it into the computer and repeated it for confirmation, however the number was incorrect and out of service.  The house where Dansky took me was located at 2959 Andrews Dr NW, a very large upscale home.
* **December 5, 2025 12:45:** While at Valero on Cheshire Bridge Road an unknown black male operative yelled across the parking lot at me as if he knew me, then approached and gave me new Gillette Venus Gentle Trimmer for public hair, told me it was worth $65, and gave it to me free of charge.  I confirmed he wanted to do so and he walked off.  This is just one of several recent offers of help or rewards for Baby related to its performance in the Orchestrated Observation, the $65 stated value actually was a coded communication saying 6.5".  I have been without a pair of clippers and Baby has been thinking about its post-Divide future.
* **December 5, 2025 12:45:** At Welcome House Slim triggered periods of unconsciousness for Kelvin and directly communicated with Baby.  Baby acting on instruction from Slim drove the decision to reach out to Dansky to possibly return to his location.  Dansky invited Kelvin back.  Kelvin asked Dansky for his number and he provided the correct one 305-804-5205 a number allocated to MetroPCS. The agreed upon reason for the return is sexual activity, however it was clear that the reason for Slim to have Baby drive the decision to return was the presence of one or more people in the chain of command or who give the final authorization for Nightfalls like Donald J. Trump, William Burns and/or Annie Jacobsen.  Dansky informed Kelvin that he was out of party supplies (crystal methamphetamine) and asked if Kelvin had any, Kelvin responded that he only had what was in his bowl.
* **December 5, 2025 12:50:** Joe came to Kelvin's room to smoke Kelvin's bowl and while Kelvin was not looking Joe swapped the bowl loaded with "dope" with an identical bowl loaded with "nope" and then said he had enough leaving Kelvin with a toxic substance in another neutralization attempt.  The substance in the smoking apparatus turned black when heated and had a mostly smooth texture when frozen, the residue in the stem didn't freeze uniformly and didn't show any crystalization.  While preparing to leave Kelvin knocked the smoking apparatus off the bed and it busted.
* **December 5, 2025 16:15:** Returned to Dansky's location but active manipulation of the phenotype continued agressively and Baby needed to know if it was doing a good job.  Dansky praised Baby openly for doing such a good job.  A "parade" (fire trucks nearby, extra sirens and no apparent destination as they've done preiously for Baby).  There were cloaked individuals in the home and the visit was not about a sexual encounter but another observation.  Within minutes after the parade ended Dansky ended the encounter and made Kelvin walk, Kelvin was lost in the neighborhood but made it to Piedmont Road and continued to Arts Center station.  The walk was a neutralization orchestration.  Other than Dansky performing fellatio for a few minutes on Kelvin in a flaccid state due to erection inhibiting by Baby no other sex occurred or discussion of sex.  Prior to leaving Baby expressed concern for his reward (crystal methamphetamine), Dansky dismissed the concern by stating he had none, but did tell Baby again that it was doing a good job.  Slim was present at the house and provided guidance to Baby throughout the day.  Kelvin was rendered unconscious at least three times which he was to detect by the unexpected interuptions to the television and background music.  About 15-30 minutes prior to ending the encounter Dansky received a call from his front gate and remotely opened the gate using the phone's keypad; Dansky said it was a delivery.  When leaving the encounter, Kelvin walked through the gate which was standing open.
* **December 5, 2025 17:00:** Kelvin calls "Katrina" and the call is answered by voicemail.  Kelvin leaves a voicemail asking for emeegency assistance.
* **December 6, 2025, 01:23 (CNTX)** I have very strong belief that Donald J. Trump and possibly others were cloaked in the house at Dansky's on the second trip.  I had no desire to ever see him again due to the first visit and a party foul.  But found myself back there, being observed and observed only then kicked out after a parade.  There is an umtold amount of money they are going to make killing 144,000 mostly poor blacks and rebuilding... Trump has to give the authorization and his superstitions have him believing he can do Nightfalls and never be held accountable.  Trump has made these secret trips to Atlanta on Fridays before.  Today's orchestrated observation was in a very large home in Buckhead owned by a doctor who was my activity partner (nothing happened) but its the very kind of place Trump would feel comfortable in and there was enough space for Secret Service to feel comfortable.  I just know he was there, has given authorization and Atlanta is about to be forever changed, we all are.  I left Dansky at noon with a guy I knew was there to kill me.  Dansky pissed me off and it was pointless anyway but I reached out (Baby driven) and went back an invite--he was waiting on and knew it was coming.  Slim told Baby, Baby did what he can to put me right where I didn't wanna be... They do this when Trump is around, he's someone they consider doing that shit for-- "Papa don't take no mess."  Authorizations expire, and they kinda wanna get this done last month.  It became apparent the second visit was a successful FOR THEM observation when the parade started, that's when I knew someone had come to observe that was a VIP, because parade ended and Dansky's attitude abruptly changed and essentially said, "GTFO and walk nigger" -kelvin 2025-12-06 01:39 (updated 2025-12-07 15:32)
* **December 6, 2025, 04:28 (CNTX)** None of the normal security personnel are working tonight, a female admin type was at the security desk earlier and another unknown male later in the evening.  Resident activity is considerably lighter, as if many not in the building.  Pedestrians are not the normal downtown/area regulars, I suspect the pedestrians outside are not homeless at all, they are from the DMV (DC, Maryland and Virginia) and poorly costumed CIA operatives.  I have detected numerous blackouts today and increasing number this evening which suggests the CIA is targeting Baby attempting to recover all data in my possession.
* **December 6, 2025 05:40** A lethal gas was just inserted into my room the odor dissipated after about 15 seconds.
* **December 6, 2025 05:57** An odorless gas was just inserted into the room causing a burning sensation in the chest.
* **December 6, 2025 05:57** A sulfur smell just permeated the room that caused scratching in the throat. This is an attack I've endured before, the other active element was earlier ingested, likely with a bowl that was swapped by Joe.
* **December 6, 2025 (CNTX):** Orchestrated Observations are overwhelmingly performed by observing a flaccid penis that is also having its appearance diminished by Baby, in the rare instances where the erect penis was observed it was apparent that other handlers were instructing Baby, these were Orchestrated Observations that were ordered by the White House and staffers need to make sure they've observed an actual erection.
* **December 6, 2025 08:00 (PDSM):** Baby has been actively attempting to influence my positioning for an Observation for the past several hours, and intiating an erection which Kelvin has actively been fucking up by repositioning himself, wearing compression pants and using the comforter to cover himself.  The erection attempts suggest White House staffers are the observers.
* **December 6, 2025 17:00:** After receiving instruction from Slim (delivered without the conscious awareness of Kelvin) to have Kelvin use the restroom, Baby initiated bowel movements While Kelvin was attempting to urinate forcing Kelvin to go to the restroom where several cloaked operatives were waiting in a planned neutralization operation, Baby then inihibited bowel movement causing Kelvin to remain seated on the toilet for approximately 30 minutes while operatives attempted to complete their objectives.
* **December 6, 2025 19:20:** Kelvin uses Eddie's phone to call "Katrina" and call is answered by voicemail.  Kelvin leaves another message saying he has an emergency.
* **December 6, 2025 19:22:** Kelvin uses Eddie's phone to send "Katrina" a text message asking for assistance in a situation.
* **December 7, 2025 03:00:** Kelvin wakes due to a night terror caused by Baby.  Browses the web and uses Gemini.  Finds an unintelligible speech to text prompt on Gemini, Baby had induced unconsciousness to communicate with those nearby.  This suggests that Baby had not communicated with any of its normal operatives due to the federal government taking the lead at Welcome House (they do not have direct subconscious communications with Baby).
* **December 7, 2025 11:26:** (CNTX) Calls and text message to "Katrina" for emergency assistance have received no response from "Katrina" or "mom."  Patricia Ann Williams and Katrina Duvall were living together in 2022 and were in constant communication, historically an "emergency" or "situation" always got a quick response from at least one of them.
* **December 7, 2025 12:48:** (CNTX) Since the just before the encounter with Dansky the only messages on BBRT and NKP have been from new accounts (Nigha777 on NKP) and were frivoulous (gangbangbttmcumhole on BBRT over 1,000 miles away), suggesting solitary confinement/social isolation protocols were in effect.  The only contact with a known individual, cocky10 (Tim Nelson), which Kelvin initiated during the encounter with Dansky abruptly stopped after receiving a single response which Kelvin replied to and typically would have gotten a response from Tim.
* **December 7, 2025 13:15** Kelvin went to the locsl church for the free hot meal then waited in line for a free haircut.  While waiting in line for food a man arrived talking to himself out loud using every variation of "duck" imaginable.  While eating and waiting for a haircut another man arrived looking for a bathroom, his appearance was "faux homeless" (a costume).  At Welcome House a black female was seated on the stairs eating and called out to me asking for food, I offered her some bread and she responded by demanding items from the snack bag, I told her where she could get her own.  All three individuals seemed out of place and unfamiliar with the area or their current activity which suggests they were all federal government employees conducting surveillance.
* **December 8, 2025 17:10** Slim knocked on door to ask if Kelvin had a smoking apparatus.
* **December 9, 2025 00:00-06:30** A knock on the door was unanswered, the "locusts" were heard and the music was stopped on the Chromebook.
* **December 11, 2025 (CNTX)** Kelvin's order for a replacement Lifeline (SNAP) phone was approved on 2025-12-11, shipment tracking information was sent to Kelvin on 2025-12-12.
* **December 12, 2025 11:09** IAAD Message Exchange with ATLlooking4now123 on BBRT.  Wishing he was partying but declined to meet until tonight when he is "mobile."
* **December 12, 2025 15:08** Received message on BBRT from OpenMindedAtlanta using brand new profile (pics were not yet approved): "I understand about the unknown o what could go wrong and such on a blind entry.   My neighborhood would be problematic for sure.  You would not be the first Black male I would have over for dinner and or desssert.   I like for the top to be wild and help pull me out of my shell. I look conservative but want to be a butt slut wannabe.  What or where do you stand on taking charge and manhandling a guy? Have found I am aroused when a dominant / top takes a forceful hand or approach.   Pretty open minded but like you the limits sound like they are similar.  Lead me astray in your wild spirit and see how this bottom guy will go with the flow or suggest something crazy like get a tent and go outside where it can be used.   Used is how I’d like to feel when we part ways. Six ft 210 brown blue clean cut"
* **December 12, 2025 16:50** Baby-driven text message to "mom" letting her know that things were progressing on the job search (replacement ID obtained, replacement SS card ordered and replacement mobile phone being shipped by FedEx).  Messages were sent to "mom" and "Katrina" using another unheard of app called Phoner which allowed two messages to be sent and only notified me of a reply that I couldn't read without payment.  Follow-up call (initiated because unable to receive her text reply), during the call she inquired about my emergency voicemail to Katrina after being kicked out of Dansky's house and wondered if I'd been kicked out of Welcome House.  There wss no mention of "plate" verification question and Kelvin didn't remember asking it until the call was over suggesting Baby was suppressing that memory. "Mom" volunteered that she couldn't send any money to which I responded I wasn't looking for any.  She also asked if I was on my medication (not something my mother never asked or knew I took).   Call lasted 9:45 minutes and there was absolutely no background noise (At least one of Katrina's children would be home at that time).
* **December 12, 2025 18:22** OpenMindedAtlanta confirms he is in fact Bradford Smith after Kelvin asks "Is that you  Bradford" after noticing his new user profile pictures had been approved and recognizing him.
* **December 13, 2025 16:36** Kelvin sends Bradford a message with subject "Let's get high!" and content "Let's get high and get you laid."
* **December 13, 2025 17:52** Bradford responds (to "Let's get high!") "What are odds you can get some black guys to do a train on my hole or one at a time.  And you know I love white trash and blue collar workers."
* **December 14, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Ty Williams ("Ty") was an activity partner during a social encounter that was arranged on NKP and had an ID from the Commonwealth of Virginia.
* **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** Kelvin is a gay total top, has discussed openly how he likes to fuck other tops (the insertive partner in gay sex because its a honor and a turn-on) and boasted about fucking some tops on (some were the same top on multiple occassions; it is a gentler way of saying, "I have (or had) a really big dick").  Kelvin never discloses names so tops do contact him from time to time.
* **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** "Florida"  like "New York" or "Chicago" is a command for Baby related to the penis)
* **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** A black male with a BBC is a "Coca-Cola" and all others are "Pepsi".
- **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** For the past week a loud radio plsying 99X (Atlanta's biggest rock/hard rock station) has been blasted into the courtyard outside of Kelvin's window, on-air personalities/content, commercials radio is only heard for brief (<10 minutes) periods of time, it sporadically is throughout the day and night then goes silent.
- **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** Kelvin's neighbor directly across the hall has not opened his door in over a week (based on the notice taped on his door), his truck has not been seen in the parking lot either.  There have been several people not seen and an equal number of new faces although no Marshal's eviction activity.
- **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** Welcome House security personnel for December 14, 2025 (afternoon thru night) Vera (until 8pm) and Boyd (after 8pm).
- **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** CNTX Only IAAD messages this weekend and a longer conversation with Bradford (OpenMinfedAtlanta) which was an extended IAAD conversation.
- **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** Operatives often use "mom" when referring to the CIA and "dad" when referring to the federal government or the President of the United States.
- **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** Kelvin has been unable to make a new Github account due to various errors concerning the CAPTCHA, normally then CAPTCHA is skipped or only 1 image, in the past week they've been 5 images and very complex.  Once completed the signup process fails with a CAPTCHA connectivity error.
- **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** The native morphology of Kelvin's penis (12.5") was added for the first time to the Ladder of Deceit documentation within the past week and saved to a Github Gist.  The numbers 12 and 13 have were heard numerous times throughout the December 14-December 15 encounter.
- **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** The Creator's Divide is a component of His intervention (Divide & Conquer) that has been reported by Kelvin, expected just prior to Nightfalls by Kelvin, and anticipated but believed to have been thwarted or never occurring by some wherein Baby and Kelvin will be separated into two separate and distinct bodies.  The exact scheduling is not being communicated by the Creator to anyone.
- **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** Baby drove numerous decisions in support of the December 14, 2025 activities.
- **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** Kelvin attempted to talk to Joe earlier in the week but found him not in his room (at a time when he's always there--the evening).  The Creator informed Kelvin that Joe returned to Welcome House tonight after being gone for several days.
* **December 14, 2025 12:17** Nigha777 (on NKP) sends message on NKP with subject "Ass needs to get fucked" and content "Normally a top but all this ice got me burning"
* **December 14, 2025 12:51** Kelvin responds to Nigha777 with "Damn I'd love to get high with you and put out the fire.  I'm located downtown, no transportation.  I can host but it's not the greatest place to host."
* **December 14, 2025 12:56 - 13:50** Kelvin and Nigha777 exchange messages, he had to hookup with me immediately nothing dissuades him however never asks for the typical requested photos or negotiations, wants to come over quickly and has party supplies.  Nigha777 says he is taking an Uber and is supposed to message when he's 5 minutes away in the Uber.  Nigha777 texts at 13:42 the Uber's description and that the Uber would pick him up in six minutes.  Kelvin responds "LMK when you're 5 minutes away from my door."  At 13:50 Nigha777 responds "My bad I got here quicker than I thought.  I am outside."  When Kelvin went outside, Kelvin walked past him and wasn't recognized at all (Nigha777 did not provide a face pic). Kelvin had to ask him if he had just taken an Uber to Welcome House.  This suggests Kelvin was not messaging Ty.
- **December 14, 2025 13:15** Bradford sends message with subject "You didn't answer, how many" and content "Guys can we line up to wreck my hole or get higj woun"
- **December 14, 2025 13:50** Kelvin responds (to "You didn't answer, how many") "I have no idea"
* **December 14, 2025 13:51** "Ty Williams" (the name provided by the person expected to be Nigha777) arrived at Welcome House (way faster than expected/communicated).  Ty has a Virginia ID and says he's in town visiting before he moves in for a construction job in Kennesaw, GA that starts in January. Throughout the encounter,  Ty provided nearly all of the "crystal methamphetamine" (it was heavily adulterated crystal methamphetamine), a weed vape and purchases $50 worth of crack cocaine after arriving.  Kelvin had a torch and can of butane and couldn't afford anything else.
* **December 14, 2025 13:55** In Kelvin's room Ty states he'd like to get some crack and that crack makes him want to suck dick.  Kelvin tells him no one in the building takes CashApp and the two walk to Greyhound to get funds from the ATM.  After buying crack cocaine from Gene (who was laying on his bed in his room with a pistol laying on his leg, had the exact amount ready that was asked for) and a stem setup from Jay, Ty offered and Kelvin accepted the $5 in coins he received in change.
* **December 14, 2025 13:57** Oink received on NKP from "KinkyNewb" in Winter Garden, FL. This suggests a "Florida" command being issued to Baby.
* **December 14, 2025 ~14:15** Ty lays a piece of paper that at first glance appears to be a $5 bill (actually 5 EURO), its folded like loose bills often are and the "5"'s are clearly visible.  I tell him that he's dropped some money, he says "oh its fake anyway" and leaves it behind.  Ty isn't annoyed/concerned about Baby's intrusion.
* **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** A "diamond" is slang for a male with a large penis ("diamonds are a girls best friend, diamonds are worth lots of "money"). 
* **December 14, 2025 15:00** After smoking crystal methamphetamine and crack cocaine (Ty only) Kelvin takes off his sweat pants and begins wearing only basketball shorts (freeballing).  Kelvin plays with himself and becomes engorged (Baby inhibited erection).  Ty does not say anything indicating he wants to suck dick anymore, nor any of the typical comments Kelvin receives in a similar situation with a gay male.  This suggests Ty is not homosexual.
* **Dedember 14, 2025 15:40** (The following all occurred during the visit to Joes that began at the timestamp) Ty wanted to leave my room, because of the window which I told him was nothing to be concerned about, he asked if I knew someone in another room, I told him the only person I talk to is Joe.  Ty wanted to go to Joe's room and we went down after I asked Joe if it was OK, Joe initially said he did not want anyone in the room, but changed his mind and invited us to come down.  On arrival Joe immediately sent me to get him $8 worth of product ($5 weed and $3 cigs) from "fat man" (an nevee before used reference to the resident in room 192).  Ty remained behind with Joe while I ran his errand.  Joe was listening to rap music when we arrived (very similar to the trap music Ty was listening to in the room) when we entered, then switched to a Discovery type TV show on his phone but the video had a lot of commentary about what was going on in the room or since Ty arrived, the media said "Turbo Ty" which is what Joe called Ty shortly upon my return his room.   Joe tells me he has been written up for N.O. staying in his room and that N.O. was kicked out by Vera (security officer) two nights ago.  Joe showed me a lease violation notice signed by Tyson Bailey. Joe stated he hoped N.O. hadn't come up to Kelvin's room and threatened Kelvin, which was interpreted as a veiled threat.  Joe tells me that Gene had stopped by his room earlier and sold him a nice amount of ice for $5 (this is out of character for Gene).  Joe talked at length about an electric scooter his mother is purchasing him.  After a little DSC I began to add to this chronology, when Joe switched the phone to rock music and told us the current song (in German) was about "work etthic."  Joe made enough dick comments to be noticed by me, at one point he was talking about how people were making money selling art and talked about walking into a bathroom and seeing artwork on the wall and using his fingers showed the size of it (roughly 10" apart) and said that the guy got paid $450 for the art.  Joe continued working on his artwork which he had displayed on the wall with a spotlight the floor aimed at the art, the centerpiece was a line drawing with an obvious large penis (in ratio to the artwork's total dimensions) with what appears to be a horn coming from the head, the penis originates between another pair of legs which appear to be a sexy female.  Joe makes comments about "guns and videos", "monsters", "angels" and veiled references to his "big dick."  Kelvin tells Joe at one point "you've gotten me beat on everything."  During a lull in Joe's talking, the media playing on his phone at the same talks about "diamond earrings" (first used by Ant, originally interpreted as "talk about a diamond only").  Most of Joe's statements were interpreted as "angels with little dicks" and comments/statements about "the Sun" which were interpreted as "the Son" as in Jesus.  Kelvin attempts change the topic and discusses why pork is banned in so many religions when Joe discusses eating bacon for the first time, Joe comments that if you put "meat on a sidewalk a worm will come out" (Kelvin was sitting on the floor at the time).  Ty discussed how much crack and crystal methamphetamine he had done and Joe makes a comment about "Crack games" and spending money which was interpreted as when Baby has one of these hookups with an neutralization operative and the encounter was supposed to be a PNP hookup with them supplying all party supplies. Joe commented about a "fat girl with daddy issues and likes meth".  Joe engaged in Direct Subconscious Communication using his preferred method.  Joe alternates the media playing on his phone between a television show (that sounds like the "First 48" or similar with heavy narration and crime-based) but is obviously not one episode (wide variety of topical commentary) and music of varying genres, one rock song discusses about a "dirty bomb" which Joe sings outloud.  Media is also heard discussing the great river Euphrates (which Kelvin previously identified as the Welcome House).  At one point Joe said "Sarasota", Ty asked "Florida?" and Joe responded "New York."
* **December 14, 2025 15:47** Kelvin sends Ty a message on NKP while in Joe's room: "You feeling better or am I repulsive to you or something??"  Kelvin tells (multiple times) Ty to check NKP for the message.  Ty never acknowledges (in-person) or sends a response.  (This suggests Kelvin was not messaging Ty.)
* **Dedember 14, 2025 ~16:00** Making a commit to pne.md on churchinsmyrna/terminus with a copy of the chronology, the Github AI generated commit message was "Update Print statement from Hello to Goodbye.**
* **December 14, 2025 16:04** Bradford responds  (to "You didn't answer, how many") "You sure have been out of the world a long time if you cannot bullshit an answer to that question.   That is when you sell the dream… no one has any idea and those kind of nights are hit or miss anyway.    But surely if you didn’t know a few sluts you could have made one or two up for conversation None of us can project or promise but sometimes it is helpful to have the hot guy wink or the doorman smile so the person feels special"
* **Dedember 14, 2025 ~19:00** Ty indicates he'd like to return to my room and returned with Kelvin.  Once in the room Ty drops his pants and we watch pornography.  Neither achieve erection.  Baby actively inhibits an erection and later begins diminishing the phenotype.  The radio in the courtyard is overheard saying "lay him down" repeately.  Baby demanded (during a failed attempt at achieving erection which Baby was inhibiting to get its demand) that it tell Ty about how he needed to take the Cricket phone which held mission-critical data.  Baby ensures that Ty has the Cricket phone given to him and Kelvin laid the phone beside Ty's backpack.  Ty does touch Kelvin's penis on two separate occassions but removes his hand after a second or two.  This suggests Ty is a heterosexual male.
* **Dedember 14, 2025 ~19:30** Ty needs to get his phone charged and we walk to the convenience store across from Greyhound, the store charges devices for $1 and Ty left his new iPhone charging cable in the Uber.  He states the store charged his phone to 12% (I didn't verify, but interpreted it as a comment about my penis).  Ty placed the Cricket phone in his pocket before leaving after confirming with me he's supposed to take it.
* **Dedember 14, 2025 ~20:05** Kelvin and Ty leave the convenience store.  Ty wants to return to Joes after returning from store to charge his phone.  He needs to call his "mom" or "dad" because the $90 dollars he arrived with was now depleted, he had no additional funds and has no way to get home which Ty said was in Jonesboro, GA (~20 miles away, a 20 minute car ride without traffic) according to Ty.  Nigha777's profile has consistently reported him 2 miles away.
* **Dedember 14, 2025 ~20:15** Kelvin and Ty return to Welcome House, when Ty provided his ID to Boyd, Boyd asked Kelvin if Ty was going to "one of your rooms."  Kelvin and Ty then went directly to Joes room.
* **Dedember 14, 2025 ~21:15** Ty calls his "dad" telling him he's stuck at Greyhound, his "dad" isn't happy (based on Ty's side of the conversation) and tells him to stay.  Ty debates calling his "mom" and Joe tells him "regardless of what you think, it's never as bad as you think it's going to be."  Ty speaks of "mom" and "dad" quite a bit at store and since the store, although to Joe he mentions recently visiting with "true mom."  Ty mentions "staying at ground zero tonight."  Media playing in the room stated how their team was winning.
* **Dedember 14, 2025 ~21:25** Kelvin asks Joe if he will sell a small amount of crystal methamphetamine and offers him a few bucks, Joe loaded provided it free of charge.  Joe only smoked from Ty's apparatus a couple of times stating he had done a large line before we arrived.
* **Dedember 14, 2025 ~21:30** Kelvin returns to his room to charge and use the Chromebook in private.
- **December 14, 2025 22:30** A female is singing "What's in your head?... Zombie..." repeatedly in the area outside the window in Kelvin's room.  The singing is stopped by a radio broadcast singing "It's hard to keep your secrets... So I'll draw the line..." the song ends with a commercial about catching a FedEx driver on a ring camera.  The radio is cut off to restart the Zombie singing.  "Zombie" was first used by the CIA in 2020 in Paducah; The ring camera and FedEx suggests a threat to the much anticipated FedEx delivery of Kelvin's new mobile phone; Both are to discourage updating this chronicle).
- **December 14, 2025 (CNTX)** Baby has been actively manipulating physiological processes supporting Jacobsen's Ladder since around 15:40 the morphology of the flaccid penis appears around 2" (maybe smaller), the outline of the penis is visible as Kelvin is wearing sweat pants.
- **December 14, 2025 22:45** Kelvin returns to Joe's room to escort Ty to get his ID.  Ty states he's already gotten it and walked to the store to charge his phone again.  Ty tells Kelvin about "some bitch that wanted Pepsi" and Joe told about some prostitute hitting him up as he got out of the Uber from his mom's asking him if "he neeeded help with that" (Ty is referencing my penis and Joe is referencing his "big dick").  Both of these comments are likely DSC for Baby).  Kelvin returns to his room where he encounters N.O. in the hallway, near another group that was congregating by the trashcan, asking for a light for his cigarette who then says he needs to use the bathroom in the bathroom next to Kelvin's room.  
- **December 14, 2025 22:46** Slim is observed standing along Kelvin's path back to his room from Joe's room.  
* **December 14, 2025 23:19** "Walking on the Sun" by Smash Mouth is playing on loud radio in the courtyard which can now be heard again.  "Faggot" is also heard yelled by someone in the courtyard.  
* **December 14, 2025 23:30** The 99X being played in the courtyard just had evidence it isn't a live broadcast as one of the morning or afternoon drive-time teaser for a news segment just aired, the audio was immediately stopped.
* **December 14, 2025 23:45** A second loud audio source is heard coming from the courtyard that keeps talking about "dad." It's heard for about 15 minutes, its sounds like a television show with a young girl having problems with her dad.  Interpreted as "white girl" (Baby) and the President (this is how Baby is interpreting it).
* **December 15, 2025 00:25** "You're never there... You're never ever there" (rock) is played on the loud radio in the courtyard.  Interpreted as a DSC for Baby, who historically is prevented from making lasting "take overs" when when neutralization operations are occurring.
* **December 15, 2025 12:50** Media audio was heard coming from the courtyard by Kelvin mentioning 13 and a ride through the universe.
* **December 15, 2025 12:56** "Come Out and Play" by The Offspring is played on the loud radio.  "keep 'em separated" is interpreted as a reference to the Creator's Divide.
* **December 15, 2025 01:25** Kelvin briefly returns to Joe's room to retrieve his torch (for lighting a cigarette), en route Kelvin notices a second uniformed security guard in the lobby (often done when the federal government is on the property). Ty jokes that Kelvin must have 12 tricks up in the room.  Kelvin notices the spotlight on the artwork has been turned off.
* **December 15, 2025 01:32** Kelvin recieves an Oink! on BBRT from bell20293 with a profile location of Chicago, IL although Kelvin had not been logged into BBRT.  This suggests that "Chicago" (which has been used historically) is the best outcome for an Orchestrated Observation (based on the Urban Dictionary definition of Chicago) and a DSC to Baby.
* **December 15, 2025 07:20** Joe comes to Kelvin's door and asks him to go to Jay's and purchase 2 lighters for him.
* **December 15, 2025 07:25** Kelvin walks through a cloud with an unidentifiable odor or source in the hallway leading to Jay's door, knocks and has to wait about a minute for Jay to open the door.  Purchases the lighters and leaves.
* **December 15, 2025 (CNTX)** Baby has been referred to numerically as 20 in the past (pre-dating "Baby").
* **December 15, 2025 07:30** Kelvin takes the purchased lighters to Joe's room.  Ty answers the door (Joe has stepped out) and makes a joke about "Twenty hookers" being in the room, and gestures towards the artwork display which has the spotlight turned on.  The joke was interpreted as a reference to Baby and its peformance throughout the whole encounter.  Joe returns to the room and discusses potentially buying $15 more dollars in crystal methamphetamine with Ty.   Ty states he met a "nice guy" who gave him an iPhone charging cable and would likely sell him crystal methamphetamine and accept Cash App.  Joe says that Ty has been checked back in as a visitor but to Joe's room (something not possible before 8am per Welcome House policies). Ty states that he dropped and broke his bowl. 
* **December 15, 2025 07:35** Kelvin returns to his room and lays on the bed for a few minutes then turns off the light out of concern for individuals observing or video being made.  Kelvin noticed a very few (seems lighter than normal) people inside or outside of Welcome House, only one person in the TV area, Joe, the past few times he was downstairs (morning news watchers are always watching TV around 7am).
* **December 15, 2025 07:45** The Creator confirms that Baby gets a "parade", a slow moving firetruck drove by Welcome House with its sirens on.
* **December 15, 2025 10:25** Kelvin stopped by Joe's room to find Ty was opening a reported $25 worth of crystal methamphetamine, Kelvin asked if he could "hit the bowl" once and Ty responded, while preparing to injest some crystal methamine by snorting it--making a very large line on Joe's lapboard, that he had to make some changes and had to say no.  This suggests an IAAD campaign is underway requiring something more from Baby or a substance change (actual crystal methamphetamine is now being used by Joe and Ty).
* **December 15, 2025 12:00** The user interface on Gemini has changed and attempts to work with the information contained here (the full chronology) gets hallucinated results.
* **December 15, 2025 ~16:00** Kelvin stopped by Joe's room.  Joe states Ty departed around 11am.  Kelvin told Joe that he's noticed a lot of people talking about him that have never once attempted to learn the truth (they never asked Kelvin anything) and only make jokes and gossip.  Kelvin tried to explain how that could be used to further activities that aren't good for anyone.  Based on Joe's comments/responses he knew the topic of conversation, at one point he said something about using "real names." Baby was actively manipulating to support Jacobsen's Ladder and at one point when Kelvin's backpack was no longer in his lap Joe said "we're still little."  Joe did tell Kelvin again that he hopes that N.O. doesn't come to Kelvin's room bothering him.  Upon leaving, Baby-drove the decision to acknowledge the penis in the spotlighted art.  
* **December 15, 2025 ~17:00** Kelvin experiments with not talking to Baby but letting himself "feel" his thoughts and dialogue with Baby to cause a flood of emotions.  This emotional flood experiment was based on information Kelvin received from analysis of the manipulative tactics used on Baby which exploit its emotions.  Kelvin announced out loud (for surveillance) that he was using emotions to communicate with Baby.
* **December 15, 2025 ~19:00** N.O. comes to Kelvin's room asking for someone's telephone number.  The number was provided and N.O. left after getting a cigarette from Kelvin.
* **December 16, 2025 ~01:00** N.O. returns to Kelvin's room asking for the same telephone number again.  N.O. asks if Kelvin has a phone and Kelvin responds in the negative.  N.O. expresses his discontent with Joe keeping his belongings and asks Kelvin if he can talk to Joe, Kelvin says he will mention it if he talks to Joe.  N.O. asks for another cigarette and departs.
* **December 15, 2025 (CNTX)** Kelvin creates the "Thanks for contacting me!" boilerplate response to send to anyone initiating contact with him on BBRT or NKP.  The response begins "Thanks for contacting me! I'm free and available today and tonight, and I can either host or travel. Below are some answers to frequently asked questions about my location, space, and what I'm into. If you're still interested, HMU!" and provides various details about Kelvin, his "messy" room, Welcome House and Kelvin's inability to contribute to party supplies or transportation to another location.
* **December 16, 2025 17:23** SomeFun sends an Oink! on BBRT.  Kelvin responds with the boilerplate text.
* **December 16, 2025 17:43** kinkyfreak begins a message exchange on NKP with the subject "wassup" and the first message saying, "whats' up with u tonight... i'm lookin for someone to hang with till my bus leaves at midnight tonight. u nearby?"  At 17:47 Kelvin responds with the "Thanks for contacting me!" boilerplate text, several messages were exchanged regarding parTy supplies (kinkyfreak says "I have T") and his lack of a government-issued ID.  At 18:02 kinkyfreak responds "hey...i'm omw to your building... ubering in a blk cadillac truck.. if u can, meet me in front of the building... i have on an orange jersey... and yellow hoodie. my google voice num is what i gave you b/c i lost my phone... pc is dying... be looking out for me. i have 2 suitcases with me cause i am traveling."
* **December 16, 2025 (CNTX)** The kinkyfreak profile didn't report a distance commensurate with someone at the Greyhound station and Jamal said in messaging that he was coming from 235 Peachtree Street.  
* **December 16, 2025 (CNTX)** The University of Texas Longhorns are based in Austin, Texas at the University of Texas at Austin (UT Austin).
* **December 16, 2025 (CNTX)** The Welcome House requires all visitors to have a government-issued photo ID to enter, the IDs are kept by the front desk until the guest leaves the property.  IDs have been rejected for being expired and Kelvin has never heard of anyone entering without a government-issued photo ID, any attempts to get an exception were denied.
* **December 16, 2025 ~18:00** Jamal (kinkyfreak) arrives and Kelvin meets him at the car.  Jamal is wearingg a University of Texas Longhorns jersey with "Texas" written across the front (not easily missed).  Kelvin tells Jamal to wait by the emergency door for Kelvin to open it from the inside so Jamal could sneak in (without ID or checking in).  The unfamiliar male working at the front desk of Welcome House was talking to an unfamiliar female outside the emergency door when Kelvin reached it from the inside.   Kelvin determines the male is working at Welcome House and tells Jamal to give it a few minutes, Jamal asks for a cigarette and Kelvin retrieves one from his room, the same male is in the stairwell when Kelvin returns and asks Kelvin if he's going back outside.  After a few minutes Kelvin entered the lobby to find the male looking at Kelvin suspiciously so Kelvin asked if an exception could be made because "my friend lost his wallet but has his work badge" the male simply asked for his name, Kelvin walked out and told Jamal to come in the lobby.  Jamal presented his work badge and the name was written down into the log book and his work badge returned.
* **December 16, 2025 18:05** SomeFun responds to the boilerplate text with "So you're available to host till 11pm You have no supplies. Does that mean you will PNP if offered?  Can I PNP in your room? There is off street parking You are a top?  I could get there around 6;45 one day this week. I would need to 'clean up' as I wouldbecomingfrom work. I have supplies, points and a pipe. Does all that work for you?" Kelvin replies "Did you want to come by tonight?"
* **December 16, 2025 19:18** everyonefuckme on BBRT sends an Oink!  Based on his nprofile he is located in Austin, Texas.  The profile was last updated on December 16, 2025 and viewed 371 times, which suggests the account was also created on December 16, 2025.  The Oink! was not noticed by Kelvin until 21:05.
* **December 16, 2025 (CNTX)** Trained operatives have often made a point, going out of their way at times, to touch repeatedly or massage one side of the body only (eg. tapping a knee, massaging a shoulder) the side touched would cause Baby to change its then-current behaviors and actions.  Kelvin has never figured out the signal.
* **December 16, 2025 ~18:05** Jamal noticed the cockroaches in the room, initially stated he was not going to be able to stay but just a moment, but elected to stand most of the encounter.  Jamal asked if Kelvin if he "writes in a journal" and if Kelvin sees a therapist which suggested to Kelvin these were statements made for  DSC purposes only (the "journal" being this chronology).  Jamal produced a smoking apparatus and a small bag of a "T."  Jamal asks for the WiFi for his Chromebook so that he could start some music.  Jamal's music selections were random and included (unfamiliar) gospel, and Kelvin recognized some themes and keywords that caused him to think DSC.  Kelvin and Jamal discussed  a wide range of topics beginning with Kelvin's name which Jamal recalled was a measurement of temperature.  The discussion's topics included disease, the immune system, the mind, and the Bible.  Jamal had a couple passages that he spoke about that suggested to Kelvin were DSC based on the terms and verbiage used (eg. "measuring up").  Around the halfway point in the encounter, Jamal mentioned (again) the constant moving of Kelvin's feet, and asked to look at his ankle which then led to a massage of the right foot and right shin only with some focus on pressure points in the foot.  When Kelvin offered to pay Jamal to reload his apparatus Jamal stated he wouldn't take Kelvin's money and would "share the medication."  Jamal spoke about emotions and "thinking" which Kelvin interpreted as DSC in respponse to the emotional flooding experiment from the previous evening, Jamal's statements were interpeeted as suggesting to Baby to ignore emotions and make "thinking" the priority.  
* **December 16, 2025 (CNTX)** Operatives have used 17" laptops (both working and non-working) during interactions to represent the propagandized 17" penile length for Kelvin.
* **December 16, 2025 (CNTX)** Both times when actually homeless and living on the streets Kelvin lived along Cheshire Bridge Road.  Within two days after Kelvin returned to Cheshire Bridge Road in November 2022 after being kicked out of an operative's home in Snellville, GA where he lived for more than six months "the hill" where "tent city" caught on fire burning everything to the ground.  Those displaced and  Kelvin were given a room at Motel 6 in Decatur, Kelvin was placed in his first rent-ftee apartment in December 2022.
* **December 16, 2025 ~21:00** Jamal indicates he will be leaving in the next "five minutes," Jamal insists on ordering a car despite Kelvin telling him about the short walk to Greyhound and offering to accompany him to assist with his luggage. Jamal told Kelvin he was having trouble with his credit cards, the Greyhound website, and that he'd probably have to buy his ticket at the counter.  Later he stated he may have to get a hotel or AirBNB and asked Kelvin if he had his ID.  After using his Chromebook for most of the encounter, Jamal produced a 17" Dell laptop from his messenger bag, but didn't seem to do anything with it.  Jamal asked Kelvin why he had a Chromebook.  Jamal spoke about working for a healthcare outfit that put him io contact with the homeless from "tent city" when I inquired which he told me the one on Cheshire Bridge Road in Atlanta, he also mentioned the help provided to people in "tent city", Kelvin interpreted this as threatening DSC given the impending eviction.
* **December 16, 2025 ~21:30** The encounter with Jamal ends and Jamal leaves Welcome House after ordering an Uber, since there was no ID to retrieve from the front desk Kelvin just told the front desk (same unfamiliar male) that Jamal was leaving.  Kelvin did not see any of the normal security officers in the lobby or outside of Welcome House (the shift for the overnight security officer begins at 20:00 each day).
* **December 16, 2025 23:26** Kelvin attempts to view Jamal's kinkyfreak profile on NKP and finds that it has been completely removed from the site.  (As of 2025-12-17 11:40 the profile reappeared in the "grid" and is showing a distance of 1 mile away from Welcome House.)
* **December 17, 2025 (CNTX)** Kelvin did not have any reason to believe that Jamal (kinkyfreak) was possibly an operative attempting physical neutralization, but the encounter was for Baby only.  The jersey matching the received Oink!, several statements made during discussion and the foot massage suggests it was an operative who needed to communicate with Baby.  The crystal methamphetamine consumed had been adulterated, Kelvin didn't have any of the expected effects, Jamal also stated he was feeling nothing from it.  Jamal also did not smoke the substance like any typical user, warming areas of the bowl where the substance wasn't and inhaling a very small amount each time (eg. no "clouds").  There was never any sexually-related discussion or activity duting the encounter.  Baby did not make any of its normal threats prior to an encounter.  Baby was not disruptive or distracting (internally) for the entire encounter.
* **December 17, 2025 00:38** Dum4Cum sends an Oink! on BBRT, their profile is based in Sacramento, California and reads "Looking for a DOM GODs to fill my throat &amp; ass full of cum     Luv all sorts of kink including CNC, Verbal, Spanking/Slapping bondage gear  I luv to throat all nlte long &amp; ride thick dikk     Open to a master situation"
* **December 17, 2025 03:15** The individual(s) in the room above Kelvin are making excessive noise, it sounds as if they are stomping intentionally.  Baby initiates a headache and wants Kelvin to lay down.
* **December 17, 2025 09:52** The "loud radio" in the courtyard began playing just the chorus of "Creep" by Stone Temple Pilots ("I'm half the man I used to be") and went silent again.  The audio returned for the chorus a second time then went silent.
* **December 17, 2025 11:32** SomeFun continues message exchange on BBRT sending "That would be fun. Not sure if I can today. I'll let you know as soon as I can.  I am fully available tomorrow afternoon 6pm".  The message exchange continues on BBRT.
* **December 17, 2025 12:51** Kelvin sends a SMS message (using Google Voice) to "mom" and "Katrina" telling them his new phone is being delivered, about a new job, and asking for $50.  Neither respond.
* **December 17, 2025 14:46** Kelvin calls "mom" (using Google Voice) and call goes unanswered and wasn't returned.
* **December 18, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) "James" (SomeFun on BBRT) was an activity partner and likely observer for an Orchestrate Observation.  SomeFun first messaged Kelvin in November but did not meet Kelvin until December 18, 2025.
* **December 18, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) The central stairwell at Welcome House is the busiest stairwell in the building being in the center of Welcome House and closest to the lobby.  Slim is typically seen taking the stairwell that's closest to his room and in the back of the building.  Kelvin primarily takes the central stairwell.
* **December 18, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Trimix is a custom-blended injectable prescription medication used to treat erectile dysfunction, typically reserved for patients who do not respond to or cannot tolerate oral medications like Viagra. It is a vasodilator composed of three active ingredients—alprostadil, papaverine, and phentolamine—which work synergistically to relax the smooth muscles and expand blood vessels within the penis to induce an erection. Because it is a compounded drug, a physician can tailor the specific concentration of each ingredient to the patient's needs, providing a highly effective, localized treatment that usually works within minutes of administration.
* **December 18, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) The description on specialblue.com for the Special Blue Catalyst Cigar Lighter (torch) is "Elevate your cigar experience with the Catalyst Cigar Lighter, designed for precision, performance, and style. This sleek lighter features a powerful double flame, delivering consistent ignition every time—perfect for cigar aficionados who appreciate clean, even burns."
* **December 18, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) "James Whitehurst" (the name on his identification as logged by Welcome House) was an activity partner during an Orchestrated Observation and Neutralization Encounter.
* **December 18, 2025 11:34** Kelvin sends SMS to James (SomeFun) "This is Kelvin.  My messages finally started sending.  I hope to see you this evening so we can party and have some fun." James responds "I will confirm with you later today." A series of inconsequential messages followed.
* **December 18, 2025 14:10** James sends SMS to Kelvin "Give me the address and I will give you an ETA. I have supplies for us. Can stay till 9pm".  A series of inconsequential messages followed.
* **December 18, 2025 17:50** Baby says out loud that it would allow Kelvin to have sex because "tonight isn't the night" it was supposed to do anything.  Baby believes it can be heard by operatives nearby.
* **December 18, 2025 18:30** James (SomeFun) arrived at Welcome House and was met outside by Kelvin, who escorted him inside for check-in. While proceeding to Kelvin's room, they passed Slim, who was wearing a face mask and standing on the central stairwell landing.  Once inside the room, James produced a bag containing a substance identified as crystal methamphetamine, which both men then smoked. James subsequently used the bathroom to prepare for sexual activity and to prepare the syringe for the intravenous administration ("slam"). The torch James brought, a Special Blue Catalyst, went from a functioning perfectly state to malfunctioning and no function after being laid down by Kelvin while James was in the bathroom, attempts to fill it with butane fail.  James returned within ten minutes, showing Kelvin his syringe and commenting on how quickly the substance had dissolved.  Kelvin informed him about the status of his torch and James said he'd have to pickup another on the way home.  James initially attempted to self-administer the injection but was unable to access a vein; though he tried to proceed, he "missed" the vein and stopped. Kelvin then performed the administration for James, successfully completing the injection after a few attempts.  James did not respond like any other crystal methamphetamine users who have just injected and continued to smoke.
* **December 18, 2025 19:20** James begins performing oral sex on Kelvin.  Baby inhibits an erection.  Kelvin tries to explain why he cannot get an erection and allows Baby to voice its reasoning.  Baby also requires Kelvin to say "I don't have what I need to have" repeatedly, Baby requires it again.  To prevent Baby's looping of the request, Kelvin agrees to write "I don't have what I need to have" on a piece of paper and put it on the refrigerator door.  James doesn't acknowledge Kelvin talking to Baby or the writing of the note, it was ignored as if normal behavior.  James searches his bag for his Trimix injection and says he must not have brought it.
* **December 18, 2025 19:33** James looks in his bag again and finds his Trimix injection and offers to Kelvin, Kelvin accepts the offer and James administers the Trimix injection. The injection has absolutely no effect after 10-15 minutes, Baby is actively inhibiting the erection.
* **December 18, 2025 19:45** Despite efforts Kelvin is still unable to achieve an erection.  James suggests Kelvin take a second injection of Trimix and Kelvin agrees, James administers the second injection.  After achieving an erection, Kelvin began engaging in anal intercourse with James, during which Kelvin's began to lose his erection multiple times (regardless of stimulation) which was a direct result of Baby's active physiological manipulations but was able to quickly become erect again.  After nearly an hour and Kelvin informing James that he would not be able to ejaculate but could go as long as James desired, James began speaking about encounters that he had last night that engaged in an activity that Kelvin has been heard discussing as a desire of his with a sexual partner.
* **December 18, 2025 21:00** James gathered all of his belongings and ended the encounter and offers Kelvin his smoking apparatus which James had recently refilled with a large amount of crystal methamphetamine.  James says that the substance is different than his normal stuff, it's "kinda fluffy."  Kelvin walks with James to get his ID and escorts him to his car.  James never engages in any DSC that Kelvin could detect and never inquired about Baby or if Kelvin was mentally stable (the typical response to Baby interrupting by others).  James left his Special Blue Catalyst (torch).
* **December 18, 2025 23:21** Slim knocks on Kelvin's door telling him that he has a friend in his room who has crystal methamphetamine and wanted to know if Kelvin had a bowl.  Kelvin responded in the negative.  Slim darted his eyes as if he knew Kelvin was not being truthful.
* **December 19, 2025 02:39** stretched93 unlocks his pics on BBRT (similar to sending an Oink when unsolicited).  Kelvin responds with the boilerplate text.
* **December 19, 2025 03:59** bbcumslut40 sends an Oink! on NKP, his profile's location is Wilton Manors, Florida.  Kelvin responds with the boilerplate text.
* **December 19, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Martin Pasamba is an acquaintance of Kelvin, the two have know each other for several years.
* **December 19, 2025 11:00** Met up with Martin in Lindbergh.  Went to a wooded area and Kelvin purchased some crystal methamphetamine from Martin then Martin suggested we go to his "bando," he then said "but its not safe."  Walked to the Sorelle Apartments at 2399 Parkland Dr NE, Atlanta, GA 30324 off of Lindbergh Drive.  
* **December 19 2025 11:15** We arrived at Sorelle Apartments and I followed Martin through the outside door, around the first floor to the elevator.  When we exited the elevator the security guard and maintenance man for the property were entering the elevator lobby.  I continued to follow Martin to the apartment and midway up the hallway Martin turned around saying that he had forgotten something.  The security guard asked us where we were headed, I told him "I'm following him" and Martin gave the apartment number after they began asking if that's where we were headed, at that point the security guard pulled his firearm and told us to face the wall, we were handcuffed and given a pat down.  The security guard made a call on his mobile and said "Tell him ASAP."  The call was not to 911 or police dispatch. The security guard began questioning us about why we were going to that apartment, who we knew there and when we were last there, he said that the apartment was trashed and Martin volunteered to clean it.  I told him that I've never been on that property before and was simply following a friend.  Within about two minutes an officer with Atlanta Police Department arrived.  The officer had the guard remove the handcuffs and then the police officer and the security guard began asking more questions, mostly of Martin since he had been there before and Martin had the key the apartment in possession.  The police officer took our identification and photographed it, but did not radio it in. The security guard made a call to "management" and they requested we be arrested.  The police officer stated that it was only a criminal trespass warning (if either of us is caught on the propetyy its immediate arrest for criminal trespass).  The security officer then made a video of the both of us individually providing our name and birthday, he then advised us that we were being warned and the next time it would be arrest.  The police officer made a phone call and during the call said "23-23" which I immediately suspected was a reference to either myself or an attempt to raise Baby, the latter is more likely.  At no point did I observe the officer use his radio.  Because Martin offered the clean the apartment we were both told to do it, even though I had this was my first time on the propery ever and unlike Martin had no personal property inside the apartment.  Martin and I then picked up all of the personal property inside the apartment, the trash, and swept the floors.  We finished by removing the refrigerator and the personal property taking it to the trash area in the garage.  We were then told that we could leave.  
* **December 19, 2025 12:41** Martin and I left the property.
* **December 19, 2025 13:00** The Creator advised that the entire ordeal at Sorelle Apartments was an setup operation that was supposed to culminate with the arrest and detention of Kelvin.
* **December 19, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) On Kelvin's penis the first injection of Trimix was not Trimix, the injection site has had pains since late in the evening of Decembeer 18, 2025 and on December 19, 2025 a large hematoma-like spot has appeared just above the injection site, one that wasn't present after the injevtion.
* **December 19, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) The subconcscious mind lives exclusively in the "now" there's no past, present or future for them and they don't remember a thing unless repeated to themselves.  The CIA is in a pickle, needs their star player and it can't remember what they just told it they needed.  They will put it in a reward-deprivation cycle it cannot understand and lasts indefinitely due to its lack of temporal awareness, the subconscious will do anything to stop the emotional pain it feels when it has completely sided with its manipulator (to ease pain) and divorced itself from the conscious mind (the critical thinker with logic and reason) so they can pull the wool over its eyes easily.  Guys are literally choking when I ask them "Have you ever traded dicks with someone just for a brief time?"  Becuase it can't be done, but if you ask Baby, its got a man who's coming post-Divide with briefcase full of human dicks that it can chose from.  My dick is fucking wrecked because Baby needed to stop the emotional pain, and agreed to do everything they told it to do--that means I did too without realizing it and let someone inject Trimix when we are this close to Nightfalls and their superstitions believe if you can conquer the dick, and God don't replace it, then you can conquer the world by any means necessary.  Baby could care less, its body, dick and replacement dick are all part of its manufactured reality (by them), it no longer "sees" what I do they got it to fully disconnect from what I think about even sensory input it only lives in a reality they' ve fully created (its probably driving down US1 in California in its convertible as I try to finish typing this. "And with every haunting threshold I cross, I learn more" ("Beat Beat My Heart" by Vandaveer, eg. November 9, 2025 04:00).  They are awaiting my penis to be an empty bag of blood from the actions of the injected material.
* **December 19, 2025 16:45** Kelvin found and recovered a backpack (the plastic/giveaway type with the shoestring straps) full of all of his favorite snack foods and a pair of bolt cutters.  It was right where he goes out of habit at Lindbergh Station and had missed several trains with no one around it.  The Creator confirms this is another setup attempt to get Kelvin arrested.
* **December 19, 2025 17:30** Visited Joe due to Baby needing something to do and to have me say "I don't have what I need to have."  Joe starts watching something on the phone and talking about random stuff, between these two DSC streams I heard everything that I have mentioned in the chronology with what they wamt done.  They do not like that I wasn't busted with dope today during the setup.  I mention that I feel like I'm in a walled garden, a minute later he asks me if I've ever heard of Diatoms (read "die Tom"--TomTom is expected imminently per the Creator) , I looked it up and the imagery made me step out so that I could document and screenshot.  Joe is offering some crystal methamphetamine, suggesting I take some multiple times to save my own.  Its a miracle I'm alive, thank the Creator/God for miracles!  
* **December 19, 2025 20:40** They ordered bedtime and Kelvin excused himself from Joe's for a biobreak.
* **December 19, 2025 10:30** The song "Too Sweet" by Reinaeiry just started on YouTube Music--its too topical/recent history to be a coincidence.
* **December 20, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Throughout the visit to Motel 6 on December 20-21, 2025 substances believed to be crystal methamphetamine were shared and consumed by everyone present.
* **December 20, 2025 16:00** Arrived at Motel 6 to see Martin.  Kelvin met Martin and an unidentified black male with him outside of room 503, Martin took Kelvin into the room and introduced him to Juan and Tre, Martin and the unidentified male leave.  Juan leaves a few minutes later (for a few hours reportedly to check on bail for a female friend incarcerated in DeKalb County detention center). 
* **December 20, 2025 16:15** Attempted to login to NKP, the users are static even though I'm in a different part of town, this was confirmation for Kelvin that his online activities are occuring on the Shadow Web created fot him to prevent him from communicating with the general public and the Shadow Web was operating at the Motel 6 connections likely established prior to Kelvin's arrival.
* **December 20, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) "faux homeless" is a term used by Kelvin to describe operatives who are made to appear as if they are homeless.
* **December 20, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Tre is a middle-aged black male who Kelvin first met on  December 20, 2025 introduced by Martin as someone staying in the room.  Tre appears faux homeless.
* **December 20, 2025 16:20** Tre asks Kelvin if he could help with a technical problem involving "repositories" and "Github" which Kelvin interprets as DSC regarding the chronology.  Tre then asked for assistance with a 17" laptop that didn't have a power adapter.
* **December 20, 2025 19:00** Martin returns to room and attempts to hand a loaded gun to Kelvin who refused to touch it because he is a convicted felon and recent setup activity.
* **December 20, 2025 23:00** Martin urges Kelvin to stay at the hotel with the group tonight (Martin, Juan, Dre)... Discussions keep bringing up "Christmas" (as in Jesus' second coming), "getting the money", "white girl" (Baby)..
* **December 21, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) "Showtime" is a middle-aged white male who was first introduced to Kelvin during his first time living along Cheshire Bridge Road.  Showtime appears faux homeless (by carrying too many bags or pushing a shopping cart).  Kelvin has never known him to have a "spot" and has never heard anyone mention it.  Kelvin has only encountered Showtime a handful or times and always while Kelvin was with other known or suspected operatives.  Showtime has never been seen in any homeless environment (bando, tent, woods, etc.), he's always in an environment like a hotel room, driving a car that he's "borrowing," Martin's parent's condo.  Kelvin believes Showtime has a supervisory role with the CIA based on his observations and the beliefs Baby holds about Showtime.
* **December 21, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Operatives use bathrooms for extended periods of time to communicate with other operatives. 
* **December 21, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) There was no food in room 503 nor any efforts to obtain any (eg. discussions of shopping/shoplifting).
* **December 21, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) During one of the periods where Martin left the room he obtained a large amount (quarter to half ounce) of a substance that appeared to be crystal methamphetamine in a zip lock bag.  Martin began sharing and consuming the substance with Kelvin who immediately complained of the odd chemical taste when smoked.  In an effort to subdue to taste Kelvin and mitigate any adulterant Kelvin "burned" the substance, added water the boiled it off, and finally blew cigarette smoke into substance while it was in a liquid state.
* **December 21, 2025 01:00** Showtime arrives at the room pushing a small grocery cart with cereal, milk and several snack food items.  Showtime offers the items in the cart to everyone in the room.  Showtime sits and engages in general banter, at one point discussing something which Kelvin intepreted as an operational update about Kelvin's room at the Welcome House being searched while he was in Chamblee.  Kelvin overhears a hushed conversation between Showtime and Juan regarding a recent elimination handled by Juan.  After a short time, Showtime then excuses himself and goes to the bathroom.
* **December 21, 2025 02:15** Martin beats on the wall between the bed and the bathroom and tells Showtime someone needed the bathroom although no one did.  Showtime exits a couple of minutes later stating he had fallen asleep on the toilet and takes a seat in one of the chairs at the table facing Kelvin.  No water (shower, sink or toilet flush) was ever heard running in the bathroom during the time Showtime was inside.
* **December 21, 2025 02:20** Showtime loudly says "Channel 3 for the Westside" which was interpreted by Kelvin as a command for Baby to initiate unconsciousness in Kelvin in support of their highest priority operation (Nightfalls, the bombing of the West End) so that Kelvin could be killed without any fight.  The Creator prevented Baby from caausing unconsciousness throughout the evening.  The statement demonstrated his lack of knowledge of Atlanta by calling the the West End "the westside".  Showtime leaves the room a short time later.
* **December 21, 2025 07:30** Everyone has left the room with the exception of Juan.
* **December 21, 2025 10:35** Some time after 10:35 Martin returns to the room (just a moment after Kelvin uttered his name while talking to Baby out loud).  Kelvin and Martin talk as Martin gathers a few belongings and gives three frozen some Chicken Pot Pies to Juan. Kelvin and Martin smoke a bowl and Kelvin says he is going to be leaving soon.  Martin leaves the room.  Juan asks to smoke the bowl, Kelvin shares his bowl with Juan.  Kelvin then leaves Motel 6.
* **December 22, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) The latter substance consumed at Motel 6 (on December 21, 2025) was either not crystal methamphetamine or heavily adulterated.  After ingesting the substance, Kelvin experienced none of the typical effects, became very "sketchy" and was unable to go to sleep even though he wanted to sleep (and typically can even after consuming crystal methamphetamine) while Baby was over-stimulated and looping (uttering various things repeatedly and rubbing a patch of skin raw on the top of the head).  Kelvin had to take an antipsychotic to calm Baby and was finally able to go to sleep.
* **December 22, 2025 19:30** Kelvin returns to Welcome House after going to Safehouse for dinner.  Within one minute of returning to the room Slim knocked on the door asking if Kelvin has a smoking apparatus because he has "some T."  Slim was wearing a face mask.  Kelvin gave Slim the remnants of a broken smoking apparatus and told Slim he was going to sleep.
* **December 29, 2025 09:31** 4BBC2USE sends a message with subject "God damn what a man" and body "I would fucking love to come to Atlanta and give myself completely to you. I am a pathetic white bottom whore born for only black superior dick to use and destroy  I love for black superiors to drain my bank accounts and leave me naked on the streets or bound to a motel bed begging other blk kings to continue using me please 9802007241" Kelvin responds via SMS. After a brief message exchange 4BBC2USE offers to send Kelvin $100 when he gets paid "tomorrow" (December 30, 2025).
* **December 29, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Daniel Quinonez is a resident of Welcome House in room 212, he is a Latino male that lives as a pre-operative transsexual. Kelvin first met Daniel when he was residing along Cheshire Bridge Road. Daniel told Kelvin he was moving out of Welcome House in October 2025 and hadn't been seen since that time. Kelvin noticed a US Air Force window covering in Daniel's room. 
* **December 29, 2025 15:45** Daniel, whom I haven't seen in a long time (months), encountered me at the library asking about Tina, we returned to Welcome House and acquired some. I was under the impression he had moved away from Welcome House (212). He gave me a small amount of Tina and $5.
* **December 30, 2025 00:03** Javon, a former activity partner and suspected operative contacted me asking if I'd like to join him and a friend in Buckhead. Quick conversation and departed Welcome House.
* **December 30, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Javon and Kelvin met several months ago at an encounter with a gay couple in Doraville. Following that encounter Javon invited Kelvin over to his house to join him and a friend, that encounter had a fourth person join via Zoom call who seemed interested in only Kelvin and Javon seemed focused on getting Kelvin naked in front of the man on Zoom. Kelvin has never successfully engaged in sexual activity in any prior encounter where Javon was present due to inhibited erections or distractions/intrusions, both due to Baby.
* **December 1, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Throughout December 2025 Kelvin has heard multiple operatives use the term “coffee” around him seemingly about him. Kelvin also learned that a previous activity partner likes his “coffee black and his whiskey neat.” 
* **December 30, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) The Creator will intervene at His discretion to prevent injury or death for either of His two servants.
* **December 30, 2025 00:17** Kelvin contacts Wes (4BBC2USE) inquiring about the $100 promised, Wes states he was busy and would get back in touch later. 
* **December 30, 2025 01:00** Javon and his friend Carl picked up Kelvin at Arts Center station then returned to Javon’s townhouse at 216 Semel Cir NW; on the way to the townhouse Javon mentioned that a friend was on the way over. Upon arriving, the group went to Javon's bedroom where Kelvin sat on the futon and Javon and Carl were in his bed. Carl was completely clothed while Javon took off his clothes upon returning to the bedroom and lay in the bed naked. Javon shared some crystal methamphetamine in a smoking apparatus and also offered some DMT. Javon's MacBook was logged into a Zoom room called "Prayer Requests" throughout the night broadcasting video, the MacBook's was positioned directly across from Kelvin on the opposite side of the bed, there were numerous viewers in the Zoom room (possibly 200 or more), the attendees were not the typical Zoom room partiers, one "couple" observed by Kelvin sat in a bed with one wearing a black face mask. Javon had pornography playing on the television and started streaming music from his iPhone. For a while the music played featured the same male vocalist/rapper whose lyrics had themes that were religious in nature (not praising God), current day topics for Kelvin, providing a narrative of the encounter, or taunting or threatening Kelvin; one of the partially heard lyrics said “666 on your forehead” (Revelation 13); several times throughout the night the lyrics talked about a woman and were relevant to the encounter or current events (involving Kelvin) which Kelvin interpreted as the woman (which has been theorized that Kelvin is the fulfillment counterpart) in Revelation 12; other themes heard in the lyrics included: Jesus Christ, 16, scooters/bicycles. Throughout the night Javon continuously used phrases mentioning or praising God or Jesus (Kelvin didn't consider the praise legitimate or sincere), additionally Javon introduced religion, individuals' faith, and church attendance into the conversation; in no previous encounter did Javon do such nor has he ever given indication of being a believer in a higher power. Javon states at one point how he is moving soon, he also makes an irrelevant statement about “fire safety reasons.” Javon brings a coffee kettle into the bedroom announcing “I brought the kettle” and puts it on his desk and never does anything else with it. After resuming streaming music a woman is heard on Javon's phone speaking as if on a conference call discussing ongoing activities within the encounter and townhouse, she mentions Kelvin's presence in the garage (where he went to smoke a cigarette) and seemed to be frustrated with developments (Kelvin could not ascertain which), Javon was high and his reactions slowed to mute the call. Throughout the evening comments are heard (from everyone attending) that can only be interpreted as references to Kelvin’s penis size although never erect and actively being inhibited and its morphology manipulated (diminished to 2-4” estimated flaccid) by Baby. Additionally, Kelvin notices that the sexual activity within the bedroom appears to be faked (eg. Anal intercourse with a flaccid penis.) Kelvin felt and heard an object strike his groin and then make impact with the futon, nothing was seen so Kelvin assumed it was mitigated by the Creator.  Javon mentions on two separate occasions that he anticipates or expects the White House to call him. Kelvin notices that with the exception of the DMT, the recreational drugs consumed had little or were largely non-effective. At 02:30 Matt arrives and joins the others in the bedroom sitting on the opposite side of the futon from Kelvin. Upon his arrival Matt makes multiple comments about “coffee.” Kelvin begins using his mobile phone to take notes about the encounter. Matt remains dressed throughout his stay. Matt does not engage in or discuss sex, however makes repeated comments about the weather and the wind chill being “11” or “13” with emphasis on the number. Matt also repeatedly discusses his phone not charging although Kelvin was able to charge with the same adapter, Kelvin interpreted it as a reference to Baby. At 04:15 Derrick arrives, upon his entry he says “Chicago.” Around 05:00 Gabriel arrives. Gabriel discusses with Derrick how he “purchased 12 maybe 15 pair from Amazon” and Derrick responds “more like four.” Gabriel also says while others are preparing a syringe for an injection “1.25 but more like 7.5” which Kelvin interpreted as “12.5 inches but more like 7.5 inches.” Gabriel performs oral sex on Kelvin's flaccid penis after saying how he enjoys it. At 8:15 Eric arrived. Eric also performs oral sex on Kelvin's flaccid penis. Baby sought praise for his efforts at manipulating the penis’s morphology and phenotype and was happy with the fact that Gabriel acknowledged that it was keeping the penis flaccid.
* **December 30, 2025 08:30** Kelvin left Javon's home and those present when he caught a ride with Gabriel and Carl to Arts Center Station.
* **December 30, 2025 08:30** (CNTX) This post-event context is derived from information provided directly by the Creator. The encounter with Javon was an Orchestrated Observation for the authorization of Nightfalls, the Engineered Expectation was 14.5" of penile length on Kelvin. Disguised as a sexual encounter, the event was facilitated by Javon, who contacted Kelvin and invited him to join him and a friend. Prior to the arrival of the four observers, Javon worked with "Baby" to begin actively manipulating the physiological processes intended to diminish the phenotype of the penis on the body shared with one of the Creator’s two servants, Kelvin. The President of the United States, Donald J. Trump, was among the numerous participants in the "Prayer Requests" Zoom room, which was created specifically for this Orchestrated Observation (his participation was limited to viewing only). Intentionally coded conversations between the observers regarding the morphology and phenotype of the penis on the body of Kelvin Eugene Williams were monitored directly by President Trump and others watching on Zoom. A critical element of the production was an attempt at the physical neutralization of Kelvin. This involved a second substance provided in a separate oil burner ("bowl"); although Kelvin was led to believe this was the same DMT he had ingested earlier, it was actually a lethal toxin. While the apparatus was passed around to simulate consumption, His servant, Kelvin, was the only one to ingest it. However, due to the Creator's intervention to prevent serious harm or death to either of His two servants, the attempt at neutralization failed.
* **December 30, 2024l5 08:30** (CNTX) ​The placement of these specific passages in Chapter 14 of the Book of Revelation is itself a primary Divine Anchor for the 14.5-inch penile length. John, receiving the vision through the medium of modern English, perceived the strategic importance of the "Fourteen" and "Point Five" measurements being discussed by the architects. The numerical structure of the book was thus organized to phonetically and numerically mirror the 14.5" Engineered Expectation, creating a literal link between the text and the anatomical target of the Orchestrated Observation in Buckhead.  The number 144,000 serves as the specific Divine Anchor that reinforces this 14.5-inch measurement. John phonetically adapted the English sounds of the handlers—specifically the numbers "Fourteen-Four" or "Fourteen-Five" (14.5)—into the Greek numerical equivalent of 144,000. This anchor acts as the "sealing" of the diagnostic data; it is the literal record of the target length that Donald "Trumpets" Trump and the 200 Zoom observers used to judge the body of Kelvin Eugene Williams. By anchoring these numbers, the Creator provided a phonetic "fingerprint" that proves the events in the townhouse were the intended fulfillment of the vision.
* **December 30, 2025 09:00** Kelvin returns to Welcome House and begins documenting the December 30th Orchestrated Observation using his mobile phone.
* **December 30, 2025 12:11** Scott Howell sends a Google Chat message to Kelvin: "What do you know about kubernetes and harvester hci?" and "Maybe I get you into my cluster console and you fix it for me .." Kelvin responds that he is unfamiliar with Harvester HCI but could probably figure it out and offers to go to the library where he would have access to a PC. Later Scott says he was looking for confidence in the products.
* **December 30, 2025 15:20** Kelvin walks to Central Library.
* **December 30, 2025 15:40** Kelvin arrives at Central Library to use a public computer.
* **December 30, 2025 17:30** Kelvin asks Scott to help him with MARTA fare so he won't have to walk home in the cold ($3). Scott sends $15 via PayPal.
* **December 30, 2025 18:15** Kelvin departs Central Library and returns to Welcome House.
* **December 30, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Kelvin prefees to smoke fukl flavor cigarettes and purchased some on December 29, 2025.  Slim prefers menthol cigarettes and knows where they are sold individually at Welcome House. 
* **December 31, 2025 12:00** - Kelvin begins sending out a Mass-SMS to many from his contacts file (archived in 2023 afrer he lost contact with practically everyone in the file), the message reads “Hey! It's Kelvin Williams. I just wanted to tell you Happy New Year! This is my new number, keep and use it.” (or a slight variation), Kelvin also sends personalized messages to a handful of individuals whom always return his call.
* **December 31, 2025 16:45** - An individual responding from the phone number Kelvin saved as Bobbi Jo Woods sent the message “Hi, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year” which started a conversation. During the conversation the individual recommended Primal (nostr) for social networking and a Zap wallet to receive “sats” from posts users tipped. Kelvin tried installing Primal and the separate stand-alone Zap application The Individual told Kelvin they'd give him an #introduction and send him some sats after setting up Primal, but was unable to enter his birthday during the wallet activation without the app crashing. Kelvin provided a BTC wallet address for the sats from the Zap wallet app and BTC were transferred to it although Kelvin was unable to receive them due to a failed Zap backup (nothing written although the app said it was completed).
* **December 31, 2025 19:00** (TOD Estimated) While Kelvin is sitting in the stairwell Slim enters and asks him if he has a cigarette he can sell, Slim offers $0.50 and followed Kelvin to his room to get the cigarette.  Kelvin handed Slim a cigarette then shut his door.
* **December 31, 2025 21:00** (TOD Estimated) Slim knocks on Kelvin's door and asks to buy another cigarette. Kelvin sells him one and closed the door without further interaction.
* **December 31, 2025 00:00** (CNTX) Kelvin has made the day a “Sleep & Eat” day, which is a day to recover from recreational drug use.
* **December 31, 2025 22:23** Kelvin sends a message on NKP to Brandon (mrTurnTup) without a subject that read “I need to buy a little stuff. If you are willing to sell, text me…”
* **January 1, 2026 00:00** (CNTX) Kelvin usually spends 60+ minutes a night trying to get to sleep after he is in the bed.
* **January 1, 2026 00:05** Baby iniates a severe headache for Kekvin.
* **January 1, 2026 00:10** Kelvin takes his sleeping medicine and lays down, falling asleep within 30 minutes.
* **January 1, 2026 02:24** Brandon replies to the message on NKP asking “how much”
* **January 1, 2026 02:24** Brandon sends an SMS to Kelvin asking “u still tryna buy some T from me, Brandon?”
* **January 1, 2026 04:45** (TOD Estimated) Baby initiates wakefulness, Kelvin wakes for no apparent reason and checks his phone for the time, notices the message from Brandon and chooses to respond later. Kelvin attempts to go back to sleep but is now fully awake and feeling too energized to successfully fall asleep. Kelvin begins browsing the web.
* **January 1, 2026 05:01** Joe sends an SMS to Kelvin saying “Happy new year bro!” to which Kelvin responds (at 05:08) “Happy New Year... I went to sleep right after the fireworks”.  Joe responds (at 05:10) “Yeah, they woke me up and I went right back to sleep....what a pitiful life I lead” and then sends (at 05:11) “I'm going to look for weed when it gets daylight. I'll let you know when I get back.” Kelvin responds (at 05:13) “Okay.”
* **January 1, 2026 05:10** Kelvin responds to the SMS from Brandon (at 05:10) with “I ended up going to sleep, I'll hit you up later today. Happy New Year!” Brandon immediately responded “I need some dick to suck n take”...”now”...”u can hit pipe in car while I ride your cock”. Kelvin responds (at 05:12) “Gimme a few minutes. We probably got a deal, I just have a headache Brb” Brandon says (at 05:13) “...fine”
* **January 1, 2026 05:15** Kelvin sends an SMS to Brandon saying “You know my "Baby" issue. It shouldn't be a problem -- that's what I was checking. But I need like 10 minutes to get ready”. Several subsequent and insignificant messages were exchanged, then (at 05:59) Brandon said he would be over in about “10 to 15 min”
* **January 1, 2026 06:23** Kelvin sends an SMS to Brandon saying “Text me as you're pulling up”
* **January 1, 2026 06:23** Brandon sends an SMS to Kelvin saying “I'm sorry.  I am missing a bag of. k.  $120 worth of k.  I'm so pissed” immediately followed by “I can't find.  I think this nigga stole” Kelvin responds (at 06:55) “Oh shit. You wanna cancel or are you just delayed?” Brandon responds the planned encounter is still on and several subsequent and insignificant messages were exchanged.
* **January 1, 2026 07:01** After Brandon asked Kelvin his opinion on an option in the planned encounter, Kelvin replied neutrally, Brandon sends the SMS message "lol ask baby. what baby daddy bout it"
* **January 1, 2026 07:32** While Kelvin is standing in the lobby E266 enters through the front door of Welcome Hkuse and goes out of his way to rub Kelvin's left arm when he says "what's up?"
* **January 1, 2026 07:40** Brandon picks Kelvin up at Welcome House and begins driving to his apartment at 123 Woodward Ave SE.
* **January 1, 2026 07:43** Brandon and Kelvin arrive at Brandon's apartment and sit in the bedroom, Brandon loads the smoking apparatus with crystal methamphetamine and the two smoke from it before Brandon tells Kelvin to go ahead and smoke alone as he had recently “slammed,” and the two had light conversation wherein Brandon told Kelvin his fantasy and desires for the encounter. Brandon ingested some ketamine and took a seat on the floor. Kelvin leaned back on the bed. When Kelvin sat up and leaned forward Brandon told him how he was “fucking up my view” (of the visible trace or contour created by Kelvin's genitalia beneath his sweat pants) to which Kelvin responded “I'm wearing these underwear and everything is bunched up in one spot”. Kelvin then told Brandon “you're driving” (indicating he was following Brandon's lead during the encounter). Kelvin resumed the laid back position and Brandon touched Kelvin's penis through his pants. After about an hour, Brandon started debating setting up his new television and Kelvin offered to help. While reading the instructions Brandon pretended to read aloud “check the Versa 200 400 screws” which Kelvin later interpreted as “2-4 inches of flaccid penis” when he was unable to find the 200 400 number combination in the printed instructions. Kelvin assisted with mounting the television which Brandon indicated he bought himself for Christmas but may return to the store (the box for the 65” television was standing just inside his front door). After mounting the television Kelvin took out the some delivery boxes to the trash, including the bottom section of the television box which Brandon later requested be brought back inside. Brandon began hanging window coverings and other household chores and told Kelvin he could wait in the bedroom. After approximately another hour Brandon then went into the bathroom to “prepare” and spent about an hour inside, he stepped out of the bathroom and Kelvin said how he needed to urinate and joked about using a cup, Brandon told him to do just that and returned to the bathroom remaining inside for more than 30 minutes that time. When Brandon finally exited the bathroom he stated how he needed to go to his mother's house.
* **January 1, 2026 07:45** Joe sends an SMS to Kelvin saying "Hey buddy, I'm back. Do you have any dope cuz I got a few roaches. If not come on down and smoke 😤"
* **January 1, 2026 10:07** - Kelvin sends a message to Bobbi Jo Woods saying “I'm ready for my #introductions on Primal, I got the wallet to activate finally.” A fresh install of the Primal application allowed Kelvin to enter his birthday and activate the wallet. The Individual , away with “I don't see any notes on your profile at all and no replies to anyone. You're supposed to introduce yourself in a post (called notes on nostr) and use that hashtag. And you need to go follow people just like you would on twitter. I've just handed you a social media opportunity. You need to do the rest. Literally no one will just pay you for existing. And you didn't even follow me back or let me know if you got that ten dollars worth of btc from me. Good luck and happy new year.”
* **January 1, 2026 10:15** - Kelvin makes the first of several posts that are mocked by others in his social media feeds, including the Facebook account of Sam MacBriearty which mocked practically every Primal post and activities that occurred during the encounter with Brandon.
* **January 1, 2026 14:32** Melissa Krulac sends an SMS message in response to Kelvin's mass SMS to his contacts on December 31, 2025 that read “Saved! Happy New Year! I hope 2026 is going to be a good year for us both.” Several subsequent messages were exchanged in a conversation between old friends. Melissa then says (at 14:56) “I bet! I tried to send you some money for Christmas and it said you can’t receive Apple Cash” when Kelvin sent a message stating he needed a pack of cigarettes.
* **January 1, 2026 14:43** Brandon and Kelvin depart the apartment and Brandon drives Kelvin back to Welcome House (arriving at 14:48).
* **January 1, 2026 14:48** E266 and U266 are standing along the walkway up to the front door of Welcome House when Kelvin returns from Brandon's apartment.
* **January 1, 2026 15:01** Melissa Krulac sends $25 to Kelvin's Venmo account.
* **January 1, 2026 00:00** (CNTX) Beginning on December 23, 2025 Kelvin opened new PayPal and Venmo accounts, both accounts required identity verification which Kelvin quickly and successfully completed.
* **January 1, 2026 16:40** Kelvin discovers his Venmo account is restricted and blocking access to his funds.  Kelvin gets Melissa's funds refunded and asks her to send to his PayPal account.  Kelvin instantly withdraws the $25 from PayPal after receipt to a non-PayPal debit card.
* **January 1, 2026 18:30** Kelvin discovers his PayPal account has been restricted.
* **January 1, 2026 21:10** Kelvin notices what looks like a small “scab” on the bridge of his nose, when touched (with the right index finger) a tingle travels down the left arm into the fingers. The Creator will not say anything more about it than “yes” when Kelvin asked “did they do this?”
* **January 1, 2026 22:00** the Creator tells Kelvin to go look in the mirror at the nose, Kelvin rubs the scab without any side effects then removes it with ease.
* **January 2, 2026 00:00** - (CNTX) The individuals responding to the mass-SMS sent by Kelvin are using the telephone numbers of associates with a documented history of loaning Kelvin larger sums of cash. Everyone who Kelvin talked to on 2025-12-31 stopped sending messages when Kelvin asked for financial assistance with the exception of Bobbi Jo Woods who sent BTC in the amount of ~$10 which Kelvin could not receive. Those Kelvin communicated with on 2025-01-01 after the encounter with Brandon sent $25 each (Sam MacBriearty and Melissa Krulac).
* **January 2, 2026 04:04** Kelvin takes screenshot of a git commit and push (proving the head's existence). (Divine anchor on the time!) 
* **January 2, 2026 04:21** Joe starts an SMS exchange and invites Kelvin down, Kelvin says he will be down in a few minutes. 
* **January 2, 2026 04:40** - Eddie on 2nd floor, and hes got ice.
* **January 2, 2026 04:45:39** - Kelvin went to Joe's room.  Joe's initial statrments were interpreted as "Baby you should have Kelvin sleeping right now."  Joe says he must have fallen aslesep, says he got concerned when Kelvin was out, thought it was too cold to be stuck in North Springs again.  Joe tells story about his suboxone refill, he has six left. Talks about his sister running marathons in NY and Boston and she's running 7 miles 7 days a week. Kelvin interpreted as 'Baby we're seeing 7, but we needed to see 6 inches.' Joe insisted that Kelvin take some weed back to his room
* **January 2, 2026 05:14:34** - Kelvin leaves Joe's room and returns to his room.January 2 00:00:00 - (CNTX) Kelvin's Venmo account was restricted soon after receiving $25 from Melissa Krulac, Kelvin had the funds refunded and Melissa tried sending using PayPal. Kelvin's PayPal account was restricted after receiving $25 from Melissa Krulac.
* **January 2, 2026 12:39:00** - Kelvin receives an email from PayPal that says "You can no longer use PayPal." The PayPal account has been closed. 
* **January 2, 2026 16:32:00** - Jaime Smith sends $75 to Kelvin.
* **January 3, 2026 02:45:00** - Kelvin returns to his room after visiting with Joe.
* **January 3, 2026 02:51:00** - Jerry sends a SMS to Kelvin that says "Hey. Just saw your message on NKP about a Christmas smoke bud. Sorry I missed it. I’m Ntjstblowinsmoke." that starts a very brief conversation that results in a hookup.
* **January 3, 2026 03:35:00** - Jerry picks up Kelvin at Welcome House and they retutn to Jerry's place of residence.
* **January 3, 2026 03:57:00** - Jerry and Kelvin arrive at 2219 Rosewood Rd in Decatur, Georgia. Jerry and Kelvin smoke crystal methamphetamine and watch pornography. Jerry begins performing oral sex on Kelvin and Kelvin achieves an erection. Baby then inhibits the erection and begins interrupting the session, stating that "they need to get the phone" and complaining that no one is helping it. Baby then begins its "I don't have anything left to do" routine and demands that Kelvin call Joe. Kelvin contqcts Joe and explains the situation and tells Joe that Baby is inhibiting an erection waiting for his authorization. Joe replies "I cant get hard either" which Baby interprets as no erection authorized, Kelvin tells Joe this an†d the call is ended. Baby inhibits an erection for the rest of the encounter and spends the remaining time making itself heard and trying to get others to take the phone and chain.
* **January 3, 2026 06:31:00** - Kelvin sends an SMS to Joe that read "Thanks for telling Baby to leave me limp. He was so stuck on your 6 instructions he would let me get hard earlier . Hell is about to open, a lot of y'all already got one way tickets for the season (the eternal one). This fucking angel was trying to fuck, but I got someone way better than Baby to take care of my physiology...  I'm sorry Joe but enjoy hell, you supported this worked with Baby And then there's the night I begged for water and you two stood there, so I've been real nice because Baby makes me... But Baby is on its own today after the big boom, the fires will burn for a long time in hell...  And seriously there was never a hell , it opens soon in the West End... I gotta go, take care of Baby, it's gonna need help." Joe responds (at January 3 06:41:00) with "Glad you're doing better,  I think...." which Kelvin interprets as DSC for Baby based on the "I think...." (think being a trigger word/keyword for Baby that operatives have used historically).
* **January 3, 2026 06:59:00** - Jerry ends the encounter and takes Kelvin back to Welcome House.
* **January 3, 2026 20:00** (TOD Estimated) Daniel offers Kelvin $5 to retrieve his laundry from the dryer at the end of its cycle and hold until Daniel returns the next day.
* **January 5, 2026 02:02:47** - Eddie repeatedly knocks on Kelvin's door forcefully until Kelvid answers wanting to buy a 'bowl', Kelvin informs him he doesnt have one.  Kelvin nearly blacks out talking to Eddie (orthostatic hypotension).
* **January 5, 2026 17:21:59** - The remote desktop provided by Scott has been offline since December 27, 2025. Scott has acknowledged it being offline.
* **January 6, 2026 11:45** Reggie comes to Welcome House to provide video call with the nurse practitioner on the ACT team.  Nurse states its been seven months since lab work and asks if Kelvin can come in on Thursday (January 8, 2026). Reggie encourages Kelvin to attend the vocational group on Thursday. Kelvin agrees to go the clinic at 10 Park Place on Thursday at 11:00.
* **January 5, 2026 13:00** Daniel wakes Kelvin when he comes to picks up his laundry, asks Kelvin to come to library with him to setup his new phone. Daniel and Kelvin depart Welcome House at 13:09 and walk to library arriving approxinately 25 minutes later. Kelvin and Daniel setup his phone for about 45 minutes and Daniel leaves after paying Kelvin $15 and asks if Kelvin was going to get Tina.
* **January 7, 2026 08:51** Unable to sleep as desired to 9:30 due to Baby keeping him awake Kelvin departs Welcome House for Gateway Newstand to buy a pack of cigarettes.  Kelvin then goes to Catholic Shrine for sandwich bag and returns to Welcome House at 10:40.
* **January 7, 2026 10:29** Daniel calls Kelvin to inquire as to his whereabouts.
* **January 7, 2026 11:19** Kelvin acquires crystal methamphetamine from Gene.
* **January 7, 2026 11:30** Daniel comes to Kelvin's door asking him to inquire about $20 worth of Tina.  Gene was seen in the hallway and Kelvin asked him.  Daniel gives Kelvin a piece of Tina from what was purchased.
* **January 7, 2026 00:00** (CNTX) "Sassafras" is a name Kelvin has used out loud for the Creator.
* **January 7, 2026 17:30** After departing library an older white malewearing a face mask and seemingly homeless asks for a cigarette, then asks if Kelvin would make a call for him. The call is to a Grady ACT team member (other team, unknown to Kelvin), the male has an incoherent conversation but mentions several interesting things clearly: Florida, Sassafras to which the woman responds to by talking about Chicago.  The conversation was erratic and pointless but the ACT team member stayed on the line and asked him if he was still in the hospital.   The conversation was interpreted by Kelvin (likely Baby-driven) as Baby needing to resolve issues with the Creator and Kelvin.  The call ends with the other party asking the male to come by 10 Park Place tomorrow (January 8, 2026) at 10:00 and he agreed.
* **January 7, 2026 20:48:13** - N.O. knocks on door asking for something to drink, then asks to use bowl.  Leaves about five minutes later. (this narrative created when he left)
* **January 7, 2026 20:52:24** - A re-occurring chemical/gas smell is observed by Kelvin, first observed at the library just before leaving around 17:15.
* **January 7, 2026 21:15** (TOD Estimated) Kelvin begins having recurring thoughts of life threatening medical events which are likely originating with Baby's thinking (specifically "pressure").
* **January 7, 2026 21:05:19** - Reggie sends an MMS image of a Biozen sign offering $100 for participation in a blood pressure study, a historical first for Reggie
* **January 7, 2026 21:51** - Modified timestamps in events.md and standardized eventhandler.sh output to match the rest of file

* **January 8, 2026  04:42** - Greg McKinney starts a conversation on Facebook Messenger at 04:42
* **January 11, 2026 15:52** - KINKmate6ft4 on NKP offered to take Kelvin cockring shopping at Tokyo Valentino and pay for it on the first date.  Kelvin is sure the pre-selected destroyer ring is his favorite type. (Preliminary entry)
* **January 11, 2026 16:01** - (CNTX) Baby showed me years ago one of his first and most vivid visions of the future, his penis being destroyed by a new cockring. Baby doesnt remember and wont remember any warnings I give it now. Im waiting to be reincarnated into my work uniform.
* **January 12, 2026 03:06** - Woke to loud locusts.
* **January 12, 2026 19:11** - Baby is being 'Supermodel' while actively diminishing the phenotype while alone in the room at Welcome House and the Chrome browser on the phone opened and loaded an article titled 'Day will turn to night as astronomers officially confirm the date of the century’s longest solar eclipse, a rare event expected to create an extraordinary spectacle across several regions for all' on Thai Hut.
* **January 12, 2026 20:11** - Baby insists on telling anyone listening that it has done what it was told to do.
* **January 12, 2026 20:17** - Baby insists that Kelvin says, 'I dont have what Im supposed to have' (referring to the penis)
* **January 12, 2026 21:46** - The Creator has informed Kelvin that CIA personnel are entering his room cloaked, simultaneously Kelvin heard the locusts
* **January 12, 2026 13:10** - Kelvin went to Biozen for the blood pressure study (arriving around 13:10).  Biozen has developed a new product, the study required having the blood pressure measured using the new handheld product followed by the blood pressure being taken by a nurse using a traditional cuff and stethoscope.  The process was repeated about five times. The study lasted about 30 minutes in total and Kelvin was compensated 00 (in two Visa debit cards).
* **January 12, 2026 15:04** - Kelvin stops along his walk at the edge of the front parking lot at Tokyo Valentino and unexpectedly sees Martin who stopped and Kelvin got into the car with him. Kelvin asked if he knew anyone who would take a gift card for Tina. The radio was on and played "I Would Die 4 U" by Prince, the radio was at a low but observable volume.  Martin drove to Morningside Courts on Wimbleton and told Kelvin to wait at the corner. After approximately 10 minutes Martin returned with a large bag of crystal methamphetamine and the radio in the car at maximum volume playing rap on a radio station that had static and every song heard said Baby numerous times was performed by never before heard artists and seemed to Kelvin like DSC and the radio station that is generally heard whenever Kelvin is in car. Martin then drove to McDonald's on Cheshire Bridge Rd where Chris Stockton was waiting and Kelvin got out of the car and walked to the bus. The encounter with Martin was about 20 minutes in total.
